curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-with-helmetjs/avoid-inferring-the-response-mime-type-with-helmet.nosniff.md, before:

---
id: 587d8248367417b2b2512c3a
title: Avoid Inferring the Response MIME Type with helmet.noSniff()
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301574
---

# --description--

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on [Repl.it](https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec), or cloned from [GitHub](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec/). Browsers can use content or MIME sniffing to override response `Content-Type` headers to guess and process the data using an implicit content type. While this can be convenient in some scenarios, it can also lead to some dangerous attacks. This middleware sets the X-Content-Type-Options header to `nosniff`, instructing the browser to not bypass the provided `Content-Type`.

# --instructions--

Use the `helmet.noSniff()` method on your server.

# --hints--

helmet.noSniff() middleware should be mounted correctly

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.include(data.appStack, 'nosniff');
      assert.equal(data.headers['x-content-type-options'], 'nosniff');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --seed--

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-with-helmetjs/avoid-inferring-the-response-mime-type-with-helmet.nosniff.md, after:

---
id: 587d8248367417b2b2512c3a
title: Avoid Inferring the Response MIME Type with helmet.noSniff()
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301574
dashedName: avoid-inferring-the-response-mime-type-with-helmet-nosniff
---

# --description--

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on [Repl.it](https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec), or cloned from [GitHub](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec/). Browsers can use content or MIME sniffing to override response `Content-Type` headers to guess and process the data using an implicit content type. While this can be convenient in some scenarios, it can also lead to some dangerous attacks. This middleware sets the X-Content-Type-Options header to `nosniff`, instructing the browser to not bypass the provided `Content-Type`.

# --instructions--

Use the `helmet.noSniff()` method on your server.

# --hints--

helmet.noSniff() middleware should be mounted correctly

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.include(data.appStack, 'nosniff');
      assert.equal(data.headers['x-content-type-options'], 'nosniff');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
