curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-with-helmetjs/install-and-require-helmet.md, before:

---
id: 587d8247367417b2b2512c36
title: Install and Require Helmet
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301581
dashedName: install-and-require-helmet
---

# --description--

Working on these challenges will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

- Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete these challenges locally.
- Use <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">our Replit starter project</a> to complete these challenges.
- Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field.

Helmet helps you secure your Express apps by setting various HTTP headers.

# --instructions--

All your code for these lessons goes in the `myApp.js` file between the lines of code we have started you off with. Do not change or delete the code we have added for you.

Helmet version `3.21.3` has already been installed, so require it as `helmet` in `myApp.js`.

# --hints--

`helmet` version `3.21.3` should be in `package.json`

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/package.json').then(
    (data) => {
      const packJson = JSON.parse(data);
      const helmet = packJson.dependencies.helmet;
      assert(helmet === '3.21.3' || helmet === '^3.21.3');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat: add instructions to import in replit (#48374)
Closes https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/48274

curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-with-helmetjs/install-and-require-helmet.md, after:

---
id: 587d8247367417b2b2512c36
title: Install and Require Helmet
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301581
dashedName: install-and-require-helmet
---

# --description--

Working on these challenges will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

- Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete these challenges locally.
- Use <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">our Replit starter project</a> to complete these challenges.
- Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

If you use Replit, follow these steps to set up the project:

-   Start by importing the project on Replit. 
-   Next, you will see a `.replit` window. 
-   Select `Use run command` and click the `Done` button. 

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field.

Helmet helps you secure your Express apps by setting various HTTP headers.

# --instructions--

All your code for these lessons goes in the `myApp.js` file between the lines of code we have started you off with. Do not change or delete the code we have added for you.

Helmet version `3.21.3` has already been installed, so require it as `helmet` in `myApp.js`.

# --hints--

`helmet` version `3.21.3` should be in `package.json`

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/package.json').then(
    (data) => {
      const packJson = JSON.parse(data);
      const helmet = packJson.dependencies.helmet;
      assert(helmet === '3.21.3' || helmet === '^3.21.3');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
