curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-with-helmetjs/mitigate-the-risk-of-clickjacking-with-helmet.frameguard.md, before:

---
id: 587d8247367417b2b2512c38
title: Mitigate the Risk of Clickjacking with helmet.frameguard()
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301582
---

# --description--

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on [Repl.it](https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec), or cloned from [GitHub](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec/).

Your page could be put in a `<frame>` or `<iframe>` without your consent. This can result in clickjacking attacks, among other things. Clickjacking is a technique of tricking a user into interacting with a page different from what the user thinks it is. This can be obtained executing your page in a malicious context, by mean of iframing. In that context a hacker can put a hidden layer over your page. Hidden buttons can be used to run bad scripts. This middleware sets the X-Frame-Options header. It restricts who can put your site in a frame. It has three modes: DENY, SAMEORIGIN, and ALLOW-FROM.

We don’t need our app to be framed.

# --instructions--

Use `helmet.frameguard()` passing with the configuration object `{action: 'deny'}`.

# --hints--

helmet.frameguard() middleware should be mounted correctly

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.include(
        data.appStack,
        'frameguard',
        'helmet.frameguard() middleware is not mounted correctly'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

helmet.frameguard() 'action' should be set to 'DENY'

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.property(data.headers, 'x-frame-options');
      assert.equal(data.headers['x-frame-options'], 'DENY');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --seed--

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-with-helmetjs/mitigate-the-risk-of-clickjacking-with-helmet.frameguard.md, after:

---
id: 587d8247367417b2b2512c38
title: Mitigate the Risk of Clickjacking with helmet.frameguard()
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301582
dashedName: mitigate-the-risk-of-clickjacking-with-helmet-frameguard
---

# --description--

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on [Repl.it](https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec), or cloned from [GitHub](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec/).

Your page could be put in a `<frame>` or `<iframe>` without your consent. This can result in clickjacking attacks, among other things. Clickjacking is a technique of tricking a user into interacting with a page different from what the user thinks it is. This can be obtained executing your page in a malicious context, by mean of iframing. In that context a hacker can put a hidden layer over your page. Hidden buttons can be used to run bad scripts. This middleware sets the X-Frame-Options header. It restricts who can put your site in a frame. It has three modes: DENY, SAMEORIGIN, and ALLOW-FROM.

We don’t need our app to be framed.

# --instructions--

Use `helmet.frameguard()` passing with the configuration object `{action: 'deny'}`.

# --hints--

helmet.frameguard() middleware should be mounted correctly

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.include(
        data.appStack,
        'frameguard',
        'helmet.frameguard() middleware is not mounted correctly'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

helmet.frameguard() 'action' should be set to 'DENY'

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.property(data.headers, 'x-frame-options');
      assert.equal(data.headers['x-frame-options'], 'DENY');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
