curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-with-helmetjs/prevent-ie-from-opening-untrusted-html-with-helmet.ienoopen.md, before:

---
id: 587d8248367417b2b2512c3b
title: Prevent IE from Opening Untrusted HTML with helmet.ieNoOpen()
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301584
---

# --description--

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on [Repl.it](https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec), or cloned from [GitHub](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec/).

Some web applications will serve untrusted HTML for download. Some versions of Internet Explorer by default open those HTML files in the context of your site. This means that an untrusted HTML page could start doing bad things in the context of your pages. This middleware sets the X-Download-Options header to noopen. This will prevent IE users from executing downloads in the trusted site’s context.

# --instructions--

Use the `helmet.ieNoOpen()` method on your server.

# --hints--

helmet.ieNoOpen() middleware should be mounted correctly

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.include(data.appStack, 'ienoopen');
      assert.equal(data.headers['x-download-options'], 'noopen');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --seed--

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-with-helmetjs/prevent-ie-from-opening-untrusted-html-with-helmet.ienoopen.md, after:

---
id: 587d8248367417b2b2512c3b
title: Prevent IE from Opening Untrusted HTML with helmet.ieNoOpen()
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301584
dashedName: prevent-ie-from-opening-untrusted-html-with-helmet-ienoopen
---

# --description--

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on [Repl.it](https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec), or cloned from [GitHub](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-infosec/).

Some web applications will serve untrusted HTML for download. Some versions of Internet Explorer by default open those HTML files in the context of your site. This means that an untrusted HTML page could start doing bad things in the context of your pages. This middleware sets the X-Download-Options header to noopen. This will prevent IE users from executing downloads in the trusted site’s context.

# --instructions--

Use the `helmet.ieNoOpen()` method on your server.

# --hints--

helmet.ieNoOpen() middleware should be mounted correctly

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.include(data.appStack, 'ienoopen');
      assert.equal(data.headers['x-download-options'], 'noopen');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
