curriculum/challenges/english/05-apis-and-microservices/basic-node-and-express/get-query-parameter-input-from-the-client.md, before:

---
id: 587d7fb2367417b2b2512bf6
title: Get Query Parameter Input from the Client
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301512
---

# --description--

Another common way to get input from the client is by encoding the data after the route path, using a query string. The query string is delimited by a question mark (?), and includes field=value couples. Each couple is separated by an ampersand (&). Express can parse the data from the query string, and populate the object `req.query`. Some characters, like the percent (%), cannot be in URLs and have to be encoded in a different format before you can send them. If you use the API from JavaScript, you can use specific methods to encode/decode these characters.

<blockquote>route_path: '/library'<br>actual_request_URL: '/library?userId=546&#x26;bookId=6754' <br>req.query: {userId: '546', bookId: '6754'}</blockquote>

# --instructions--

Build an API endpoint, mounted at `GET /name`. Respond with a JSON document, taking the structure `{ name: 'firstname lastname'}`. The first and last name parameters should be encoded in a query string e.g. `?first=firstname&last=lastname`.

**Note:** In the following exercise you are going to receive data from a POST request, at the same `/name` route path. If you want, you can use the method `app.route(path).get(handler).post(handler)`. This syntax allows you to chain different verb handlers on the same path route. You can save a bit of typing, and have cleaner code.

# --hints--

Test 1 : Your API endpoint should respond with the correct name

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/name?first=Mick&last=Jagger').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(
        data.name,
        'Mick Jagger',
        'Test 1: "GET /name" route does not behave as expected'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

Test 2 : Your API endpoint should respond with the correct name

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/name?last=Richards&first=Keith').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(
        data.name,
        'Keith Richards',
        'Test 2: "GET /name" route does not behave as expected'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --seed--

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/05-apis-and-microservices/basic-node-and-express/get-query-parameter-input-from-the-client.md, after:

---
id: 587d7fb2367417b2b2512bf6
title: Get Query Parameter Input from the Client
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301512
dashedName: get-query-parameter-input-from-the-client
---

# --description--

Another common way to get input from the client is by encoding the data after the route path, using a query string. The query string is delimited by a question mark (?), and includes field=value couples. Each couple is separated by an ampersand (&). Express can parse the data from the query string, and populate the object `req.query`. Some characters, like the percent (%), cannot be in URLs and have to be encoded in a different format before you can send them. If you use the API from JavaScript, you can use specific methods to encode/decode these characters.

<blockquote>route_path: '/library'<br>actual_request_URL: '/library?userId=546&#x26;bookId=6754' <br>req.query: {userId: '546', bookId: '6754'}</blockquote>

# --instructions--

Build an API endpoint, mounted at `GET /name`. Respond with a JSON document, taking the structure `{ name: 'firstname lastname'}`. The first and last name parameters should be encoded in a query string e.g. `?first=firstname&last=lastname`.

**Note:** In the following exercise you are going to receive data from a POST request, at the same `/name` route path. If you want, you can use the method `app.route(path).get(handler).post(handler)`. This syntax allows you to chain different verb handlers on the same path route. You can save a bit of typing, and have cleaner code.

# --hints--

Test 1 : Your API endpoint should respond with the correct name

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/name?first=Mick&last=Jagger').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(
        data.name,
        'Mick Jagger',
        'Test 1: "GET /name" route does not behave as expected'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

Test 2 : Your API endpoint should respond with the correct name

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/name?last=Richards&first=Keith').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(
        data.name,
        'Keith Richards',
        'Test 2: "GET /name" route does not behave as expected'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
