curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-flexbox/apply-the-flex-direction-property-to-create-rows-in-the-tweet-embed.md, before:

---
id: 587d78ab367417b2b2512af3
title: Apply the flex-direction Property to Create Rows in the Tweet Embed
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pVaDAv/cJb8yuq'
forumTopicId: 301104
---

# --description--

The `header` and `footer` in the tweet embed example have child items that could be arranged as rows using the `flex-direction` property. This tells CSS to align the children horizontally.

# --instructions--

Add the CSS property `flex-direction` to both the `header` and `footer` and set the value to row.

# --hints--

The `header` should have a `flex-direction` property set to row.

```js
assert(code.match(/header\s*?{[^}]*?flex-direction:\s*?row;/g));
```

The `footer` should have a `flex-direction` property set to row.

```js
assert(code.match(/footer\s*?{[^}]*?flex-direction:\s*?row;/g));
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  body {
    font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
  }
  header {
    display: flex;

  }
  header .profile-thumbnail {
    width: 50px;
    height: 50px;
    border-radius: 4px;
  }
  header .profile-name {
    display: flex;
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  header .follow-btn {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0 0 0 auto;
  }
  header .follow-btn button {
    border: 0;
    border-radius: 3px;
    padding: 5px;
  }
  header h3, header h4 {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0;
  }
  #inner p {
    margin-bottom: 10px;
    font-size: 20px;
  }
  #inner hr {
    margin: 20px 0;
    border-style: solid;
    opacity: 0.1;
  }
  footer {
    display: flex;

  }
  footer .stats {
    display: flex;
    font-size: 15px;
  }
  footer .stats strong {
    font-size: 18px;
  }
  footer .stats .likes {
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  footer .cta {
    margin-left: auto;
  }
  footer .cta button {
    border: 0;
    background: transparent;
  }
</style>
<header>
  <img src="https://freecodecamp.s3.amazonaws.com/quincy-twitter-photo.jpg" alt="Quincy Larson's profile picture" class="profile-thumbnail">
  <div class="profile-name">
    <h3>Quincy Larson</h3>
    <h4>@ossia</h4>
  </div>
  <div class="follow-btn">
    <button>Follow</button>
  </div>
</header>
<div id="inner">
  <p>I meet so many people who are in search of that one trick that will help them work smart. Even if you work smart, you still have to work hard.</p>
  <span class="date">1:32 PM - 12 Jan 2018</span>
  <hr>
</div>
<footer>
  <div class="stats">
    <div class="Retweets">
      <strong>107</strong> Retweets
    </div>
    <div class="likes">
      <strong>431</strong> Likes
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="cta">
    <button class="share-btn">Share</button>
    <button class="retweet-btn">Retweet</button>
    <button class="like-btn">Like</button>
  </div>
</footer>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>
  body {
    font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
  }
  header {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: row;
  }
  header .profile-thumbnail {
    width: 50px;
    height: 50px;
    border-radius: 4px;
  }
  header .profile-name {
    display: flex;
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  header .follow-btn {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0 0 0 auto;
  }
  header .follow-btn button {
    border: 0;
    border-radius: 3px;
    padding: 5px;
  }
  header h3, header h4 {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0;
  }
  #inner p {
    margin-bottom: 10px;
    font-size: 20px;
  }
  #inner hr {
    margin: 20px 0;
    border-style: solid;
    opacity: 0.1;
  }
  footer {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: row;
  }
  footer .stats {
    display: flex;
    font-size: 15px;
  }
  footer .stats strong {
    font-size: 18px;
  }
  footer .stats .likes {
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  footer .cta {
    margin-left: auto;
  }
  footer .cta button {
    border: 0;
    background: transparent;
  }
</style>
<header>
  <img src="https://freecodecamp.s3.amazonaws.com/quincy-twitter-photo.jpg" alt="Quincy Larson's profile picture" class="profile-thumbnail">
  <div class="profile-name">
    <h3>Quincy Larson</h3>
    <h4>@ossia</h4>
  </div>
  <div class="follow-btn">
    <button>Follow</button>
  </div>
</header>
<div id="inner">
  <p>I meet so many people who are in search of that one trick that will help them work smart. Even if you work smart, you still have to work hard.</p>
  <span class="date">1:32 PM - 12 Jan 2018</span>
  <hr>
</div>
<footer>
  <div class="stats">
    <div class="Retweets">
      <strong>107</strong> Retweets
    </div>
    <div class="likes">
      <strong>431</strong> Likes
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="cta">
    <button class="share-btn">Share</button>
    <button class="retweet-btn">Retweet</button>
    <button class="like-btn">Like</button>
  </div>
</footer>
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-flexbox/apply-the-flex-direction-property-to-create-rows-in-the-tweet-embed.md, after:

---
id: 587d78ab367417b2b2512af3
title: Apply the flex-direction Property to Create Rows in the Tweet Embed
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pVaDAv/cJb8yuq'
forumTopicId: 301104
dashedName: apply-the-flex-direction-property-to-create-rows-in-the-tweet-embed
---

# --description--

The `header` and `footer` in the tweet embed example have child items that could be arranged as rows using the `flex-direction` property. This tells CSS to align the children horizontally.

# --instructions--

Add the CSS property `flex-direction` to both the `header` and `footer` and set the value to row.

# --hints--

The `header` should have a `flex-direction` property set to row.

```js
assert(code.match(/header\s*?{[^}]*?flex-direction:\s*?row;/g));
```

The `footer` should have a `flex-direction` property set to row.

```js
assert(code.match(/footer\s*?{[^}]*?flex-direction:\s*?row;/g));
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  body {
    font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
  }
  header {
    display: flex;

  }
  header .profile-thumbnail {
    width: 50px;
    height: 50px;
    border-radius: 4px;
  }
  header .profile-name {
    display: flex;
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  header .follow-btn {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0 0 0 auto;
  }
  header .follow-btn button {
    border: 0;
    border-radius: 3px;
    padding: 5px;
  }
  header h3, header h4 {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0;
  }
  #inner p {
    margin-bottom: 10px;
    font-size: 20px;
  }
  #inner hr {
    margin: 20px 0;
    border-style: solid;
    opacity: 0.1;
  }
  footer {
    display: flex;

  }
  footer .stats {
    display: flex;
    font-size: 15px;
  }
  footer .stats strong {
    font-size: 18px;
  }
  footer .stats .likes {
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  footer .cta {
    margin-left: auto;
  }
  footer .cta button {
    border: 0;
    background: transparent;
  }
</style>
<header>
  <img src="https://freecodecamp.s3.amazonaws.com/quincy-twitter-photo.jpg" alt="Quincy Larson's profile picture" class="profile-thumbnail">
  <div class="profile-name">
    <h3>Quincy Larson</h3>
    <h4>@ossia</h4>
  </div>
  <div class="follow-btn">
    <button>Follow</button>
  </div>
</header>
<div id="inner">
  <p>I meet so many people who are in search of that one trick that will help them work smart. Even if you work smart, you still have to work hard.</p>
  <span class="date">1:32 PM - 12 Jan 2018</span>
  <hr>
</div>
<footer>
  <div class="stats">
    <div class="Retweets">
      <strong>107</strong> Retweets
    </div>
    <div class="likes">
      <strong>431</strong> Likes
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="cta">
    <button class="share-btn">Share</button>
    <button class="retweet-btn">Retweet</button>
    <button class="like-btn">Like</button>
  </div>
</footer>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>
  body {
    font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
  }
  header {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: row;
  }
  header .profile-thumbnail {
    width: 50px;
    height: 50px;
    border-radius: 4px;
  }
  header .profile-name {
    display: flex;
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  header .follow-btn {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0 0 0 auto;
  }
  header .follow-btn button {
    border: 0;
    border-radius: 3px;
    padding: 5px;
  }
  header h3, header h4 {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0;
  }
  #inner p {
    margin-bottom: 10px;
    font-size: 20px;
  }
  #inner hr {
    margin: 20px 0;
    border-style: solid;
    opacity: 0.1;
  }
  footer {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: row;
  }
  footer .stats {
    display: flex;
    font-size: 15px;
  }
  footer .stats strong {
    font-size: 18px;
  }
  footer .stats .likes {
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  footer .cta {
    margin-left: auto;
  }
  footer .cta button {
    border: 0;
    background: transparent;
  }
</style>
<header>
  <img src="https://freecodecamp.s3.amazonaws.com/quincy-twitter-photo.jpg" alt="Quincy Larson's profile picture" class="profile-thumbnail">
  <div class="profile-name">
    <h3>Quincy Larson</h3>
    <h4>@ossia</h4>
  </div>
  <div class="follow-btn">
    <button>Follow</button>
  </div>
</header>
<div id="inner">
  <p>I meet so many people who are in search of that one trick that will help them work smart. Even if you work smart, you still have to work hard.</p>
  <span class="date">1:32 PM - 12 Jan 2018</span>
  <hr>
</div>
<footer>
  <div class="stats">
    <div class="Retweets">
      <strong>107</strong> Retweets
    </div>
    <div class="likes">
      <strong>431</strong> Likes
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="cta">
    <button class="share-btn">Share</button>
    <button class="retweet-btn">Retweet</button>
    <button class="like-btn">Like</button>
  </div>
</footer>
```
