curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-flexbox/use-the-align-items-property-in-the-tweet-embed.md, before:

---
id: 587d78ad367417b2b2512af9
title: Use the align-items Property in the Tweet Embed
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pVaDAv/cd3PNfq'
forumTopicId: 301106
---

# --description--

The last challenge introduced the `align-items` property and gave an example. This property can be applied to a few tweet embed elements to align the flex items inside them.

# --instructions--

Add the CSS property `align-items` to the header's `.follow-btn` element. Set the value to `center`.

# --hints--

The `.follow-btn` element should have the `align-items` property set to a value of `center`.

```js
assert($('.follow-btn').css('align-items') == 'center');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  body {
    font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
  }
  header, footer {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: row;
  }
  header .profile-thumbnail {
    width: 50px;
    height: 50px;
    border-radius: 4px;
  }
  header .profile-name {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  header .follow-btn {
    display: flex;

    margin: 0 0 0 auto;
  }
  header .follow-btn button {
    border: 0;
    border-radius: 3px;
    padding: 5px;
  }
  header h3, header h4 {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0;
  }
  #inner p {
    margin-bottom: 10px;
    font-size: 20px;
  }
  #inner hr {
    margin: 20px 0;
    border-style: solid;
    opacity: 0.1;
  }
  footer .stats {
    display: flex;
    font-size: 15px;
  }
  footer .stats strong {
    font-size: 18px;
  }
  footer .stats .likes {
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  footer .cta {
    margin-left: auto;
  }
  footer .cta button {
    border: 0;
    background: transparent;
  }
</style>
<header>
  <img src="https://freecodecamp.s3.amazonaws.com/quincy-twitter-photo.jpg" alt="Quincy Larson's profile picture" class="profile-thumbnail">
  <div class="profile-name">
    <h3>Quincy Larson</h3>
    <h4>@ossia</h4>
  </div>
  <div class="follow-btn">
    <button>Follow</button>
  </div>
</header>
<div id="inner">
  <p>I meet so many people who are in search of that one trick that will help them work smart. Even if you work smart, you still have to work hard.</p>
  <span class="date">1:32 PM - 12 Jan 2018</span>
  <hr>
</div>
<footer>
  <div class="stats">
    <div class="Retweets">
      <strong>107</strong> Retweets
    </div>
    <div class="likes">
      <strong>431</strong> Likes
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="cta">
    <button class="share-btn">Share</button>
    <button class="retweet-btn">Retweet</button>
    <button class="like-btn">Like</button>
  </div>
</footer>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>
  body {
    font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
  }
  header, footer {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: row;
  }
  header .profile-thumbnail {
    width: 50px;
    height: 50px;
    border-radius: 4px;
  }
  header .profile-name {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  header .follow-btn {
    display: flex;
    align-items: center;
    margin: 0 0 0 auto;
  }
  header .follow-btn button {
    border: 0;
    border-radius: 3px;
    padding: 5px;
  }
  header h3, header h4 {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0;
  }
  #inner p {
    margin-bottom: 10px;
    font-size: 20px;
  }
  #inner hr {
    margin: 20px 0;
    border-style: solid;
    opacity: 0.1;
  }
  footer .stats {
    display: flex;
    font-size: 15px;
  }
  footer .stats strong {
    font-size: 18px;
  }
  footer .stats .likes {
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  footer .cta {
    margin-left: auto;
  }
  footer .cta button {
    border: 0;
    background: transparent;
  }
</style>
<header>
  <img src="https://freecodecamp.s3.amazonaws.com/quincy-twitter-photo.jpg" alt="Quincy Larson's profile picture" class="profile-thumbnail">
  <div class="profile-name">
    <h3>Quincy Larson</h3>
    <h4>@ossia</h4>
  </div>
  <div class="follow-btn">
    <button>Follow</button>
  </div>
</header>
<div id="inner">
  <p>I meet so many people who are in search of that one trick that will help them work smart. Even if you work smart, you still have to work hard.</p>
  <span class="date">1:32 PM - 12 Jan 2018</span>
  <hr>
</div>
<footer>
  <div class="stats">
    <div class="Retweets">
      <strong>107</strong> Retweets
    </div>
    <div class="likes">
      <strong>431</strong> Likes
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="cta">
    <button class="share-btn">Share</button>
    <button class="retweet-btn">Retweet</button>
    <button class="like-btn">Like</button>
  </div>
</footer>
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-flexbox/use-the-align-items-property-in-the-tweet-embed.md, after:

---
id: 587d78ad367417b2b2512af9
title: Use the align-items Property in the Tweet Embed
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pVaDAv/cd3PNfq'
forumTopicId: 301106
dashedName: use-the-align-items-property-in-the-tweet-embed
---

# --description--

The last challenge introduced the `align-items` property and gave an example. This property can be applied to a few tweet embed elements to align the flex items inside them.

# --instructions--

Add the CSS property `align-items` to the header's `.follow-btn` element. Set the value to `center`.

# --hints--

The `.follow-btn` element should have the `align-items` property set to a value of `center`.

```js
assert($('.follow-btn').css('align-items') == 'center');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  body {
    font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
  }
  header, footer {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: row;
  }
  header .profile-thumbnail {
    width: 50px;
    height: 50px;
    border-radius: 4px;
  }
  header .profile-name {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  header .follow-btn {
    display: flex;

    margin: 0 0 0 auto;
  }
  header .follow-btn button {
    border: 0;
    border-radius: 3px;
    padding: 5px;
  }
  header h3, header h4 {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0;
  }
  #inner p {
    margin-bottom: 10px;
    font-size: 20px;
  }
  #inner hr {
    margin: 20px 0;
    border-style: solid;
    opacity: 0.1;
  }
  footer .stats {
    display: flex;
    font-size: 15px;
  }
  footer .stats strong {
    font-size: 18px;
  }
  footer .stats .likes {
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  footer .cta {
    margin-left: auto;
  }
  footer .cta button {
    border: 0;
    background: transparent;
  }
</style>
<header>
  <img src="https://freecodecamp.s3.amazonaws.com/quincy-twitter-photo.jpg" alt="Quincy Larson's profile picture" class="profile-thumbnail">
  <div class="profile-name">
    <h3>Quincy Larson</h3>
    <h4>@ossia</h4>
  </div>
  <div class="follow-btn">
    <button>Follow</button>
  </div>
</header>
<div id="inner">
  <p>I meet so many people who are in search of that one trick that will help them work smart. Even if you work smart, you still have to work hard.</p>
  <span class="date">1:32 PM - 12 Jan 2018</span>
  <hr>
</div>
<footer>
  <div class="stats">
    <div class="Retweets">
      <strong>107</strong> Retweets
    </div>
    <div class="likes">
      <strong>431</strong> Likes
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="cta">
    <button class="share-btn">Share</button>
    <button class="retweet-btn">Retweet</button>
    <button class="like-btn">Like</button>
  </div>
</footer>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>
  body {
    font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
  }
  header, footer {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: row;
  }
  header .profile-thumbnail {
    width: 50px;
    height: 50px;
    border-radius: 4px;
  }
  header .profile-name {
    display: flex;
    flex-direction: column;
    justify-content: center;
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  header .follow-btn {
    display: flex;
    align-items: center;
    margin: 0 0 0 auto;
  }
  header .follow-btn button {
    border: 0;
    border-radius: 3px;
    padding: 5px;
  }
  header h3, header h4 {
    display: flex;
    margin: 0;
  }
  #inner p {
    margin-bottom: 10px;
    font-size: 20px;
  }
  #inner hr {
    margin: 20px 0;
    border-style: solid;
    opacity: 0.1;
  }
  footer .stats {
    display: flex;
    font-size: 15px;
  }
  footer .stats strong {
    font-size: 18px;
  }
  footer .stats .likes {
    margin-left: 10px;
  }
  footer .cta {
    margin-left: auto;
  }
  footer .cta button {
    border: 0;
    background: transparent;
  }
</style>
<header>
  <img src="https://freecodecamp.s3.amazonaws.com/quincy-twitter-photo.jpg" alt="Quincy Larson's profile picture" class="profile-thumbnail">
  <div class="profile-name">
    <h3>Quincy Larson</h3>
    <h4>@ossia</h4>
  </div>
  <div class="follow-btn">
    <button>Follow</button>
  </div>
</header>
<div id="inner">
  <p>I meet so many people who are in search of that one trick that will help them work smart. Even if you work smart, you still have to work hard.</p>
  <span class="date">1:32 PM - 12 Jan 2018</span>
  <hr>
</div>
<footer>
  <div class="stats">
    <div class="Retweets">
      <strong>107</strong> Retweets
    </div>
    <div class="likes">
      <strong>431</strong> Likes
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="cta">
    <button class="share-btn">Share</button>
    <button class="retweet-btn">Retweet</button>
    <button class="like-btn">Like</button>
  </div>
</footer>
```
