curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-flexbox/use-the-flex-wrap-property-to-wrap-a-row-or-column.md, before:

---
id: 587d78ad367417b2b2512afa
title: Use the flex-wrap Property to Wrap a Row or Column
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pVaDAv/cQv9ZtG'
forumTopicId: 301114
---

# --description--

CSS flexbox has a feature to split a flex item into multiple rows (or columns). By default, a flex container will fit all flex items together. For example, a row will all be on one line.

However, using the `flex-wrap` property tells CSS to wrap items. This means extra items move into a new row or column. The break point of where the wrapping happens depends on the size of the items and the size of the container.

CSS also has options for the direction of the wrap:

<ul><li><code>nowrap</code>: this is the default setting, and does not wrap items.</li><li><code>wrap</code>: wraps items from left-to-right if they are in a row, or top-to-bottom if they are in a column.</li><li><code>wrap-reverse</code>: wraps items from right-to-left if they are in a row, or bottom-to-top if they are in a column.</li></ul>

# --instructions--

The current layout has too many boxes for one row. Add the CSS property `flex-wrap` to the `#box-container` element, and give it a value of `wrap`.

# --hints--

The `#box-container` element should have the `flex-wrap` property set to a value of `wrap`.

```js
assert($('#box-container').css('flex-wrap') == 'wrap');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  #box-container {
    background: gray;
    display: flex;
    height: 100%;

  }
  #box-1 {
    background-color: dodgerblue;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }

  #box-2 {
    background-color: orangered;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-3 {
    background-color: violet;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-4 {
    background-color: yellow;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-5 {
    background-color: green;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-6 {
    background-color: black;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
</style>

<div id="box-container">
  <div id="box-1"></div>
  <div id="box-2"></div>
  <div id="box-3"></div>
  <div id="box-4"></div>
  <div id="box-5"></div>
  <div id="box-6"></div>
</div>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>
  #box-container {
    background: gray;
    display: flex;
    height: 100%;
    flex-wrap: wrap;
  }
  #box-1 {
    background-color: dodgerblue;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }

  #box-2 {
    background-color: orangered;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-3 {
    background-color: violet;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-4 {
    background-color: yellow;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-5 {
    background-color: green;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-6 {
    background-color: black;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
</style>

<div id="box-container">
  <div id="box-1"></div>
  <div id="box-2"></div>
  <div id="box-3"></div>
  <div id="box-4"></div>
  <div id="box-5"></div>
  <div id="box-6"></div>
</div>
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-flexbox/use-the-flex-wrap-property-to-wrap-a-row-or-column.md, after:

---
id: 587d78ad367417b2b2512afa
title: Use the flex-wrap Property to Wrap a Row or Column
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pVaDAv/cQv9ZtG'
forumTopicId: 301114
dashedName: use-the-flex-wrap-property-to-wrap-a-row-or-column
---

# --description--

CSS flexbox has a feature to split a flex item into multiple rows (or columns). By default, a flex container will fit all flex items together. For example, a row will all be on one line.

However, using the `flex-wrap` property tells CSS to wrap items. This means extra items move into a new row or column. The break point of where the wrapping happens depends on the size of the items and the size of the container.

CSS also has options for the direction of the wrap:

<ul><li><code>nowrap</code>: this is the default setting, and does not wrap items.</li><li><code>wrap</code>: wraps items from left-to-right if they are in a row, or top-to-bottom if they are in a column.</li><li><code>wrap-reverse</code>: wraps items from right-to-left if they are in a row, or bottom-to-top if they are in a column.</li></ul>

# --instructions--

The current layout has too many boxes for one row. Add the CSS property `flex-wrap` to the `#box-container` element, and give it a value of `wrap`.

# --hints--

The `#box-container` element should have the `flex-wrap` property set to a value of `wrap`.

```js
assert($('#box-container').css('flex-wrap') == 'wrap');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  #box-container {
    background: gray;
    display: flex;
    height: 100%;

  }
  #box-1 {
    background-color: dodgerblue;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }

  #box-2 {
    background-color: orangered;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-3 {
    background-color: violet;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-4 {
    background-color: yellow;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-5 {
    background-color: green;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-6 {
    background-color: black;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
</style>

<div id="box-container">
  <div id="box-1"></div>
  <div id="box-2"></div>
  <div id="box-3"></div>
  <div id="box-4"></div>
  <div id="box-5"></div>
  <div id="box-6"></div>
</div>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>
  #box-container {
    background: gray;
    display: flex;
    height: 100%;
    flex-wrap: wrap;
  }
  #box-1 {
    background-color: dodgerblue;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }

  #box-2 {
    background-color: orangered;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-3 {
    background-color: violet;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-4 {
    background-color: yellow;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-5 {
    background-color: green;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
  #box-6 {
    background-color: black;
    width: 25%;
    height: 50%;
  }
</style>

<div id="box-container">
  <div id="box-1"></div>
  <div id="box-2"></div>
  <div id="box-3"></div>
  <div id="box-4"></div>
  <div id="box-5"></div>
  <div id="box-6"></div>
</div>
```
