curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-flexbox/use-the-flex-direction-property-to-make-a-row.md, before:

---
id: 587d78ab367417b2b2512af2
title: Use the flex-direction Property to Make a Row
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pVaDAv/cBEkbfJ'
forumTopicId: 301110
---

# --description--

Adding `display: flex` to an element turns it into a flex container. This makes it possible to align any children of that element into rows or columns. You do this by adding the `flex-direction` property to the parent item and setting it to row or column. Creating a row will align the children horizontally, and creating a column will align the children vertically.

Other options for `flex-direction` are `row-reverse` and `column-reverse`.

**Note:** The default value for the `flex-direction` property is `row`.

# --instructions--

Add the CSS property `flex-direction` to the `#box-container` element, and give it a value of `row-reverse`.

# --hints--

The `#box-container` element should have a `flex-direction` property set to row-reverse.

```js
assert($('#box-container').css('flex-direction') == 'row-reverse');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  #box-container {
    display: flex;
    height: 500px;

  }
  #box-1 {
    background-color: dodgerblue;
    width: 50%;
    height: 50%;
  }

  #box-2 {
    background-color: orangered;
    width: 50%;
    height: 50%;
  }
</style>

<div id="box-container">
  <div id="box-1"></div>
  <div id="box-2"></div>
</div>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>
  #box-container {
    display: flex;
    height: 500px;
    flex-direction: row-reverse;
  }
  #box-1 {
    background-color: dodgerblue;
    width: 50%;
    height: 50%;
  }

  #box-2 {
    background-color: orangered;
    width: 50%;
    height: 50%;
  }
</style>

<div id="box-container">
  <div id="box-1"></div>
  <div id="box-2"></div>
</div>
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-flexbox/use-the-flex-direction-property-to-make-a-row.md, after:

---
id: 587d78ab367417b2b2512af2
title: Use the flex-direction Property to Make a Row
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pVaDAv/cBEkbfJ'
forumTopicId: 301110
dashedName: use-the-flex-direction-property-to-make-a-row
---

# --description--

Adding `display: flex` to an element turns it into a flex container. This makes it possible to align any children of that element into rows or columns. You do this by adding the `flex-direction` property to the parent item and setting it to row or column. Creating a row will align the children horizontally, and creating a column will align the children vertically.

Other options for `flex-direction` are `row-reverse` and `column-reverse`.

**Note:** The default value for the `flex-direction` property is `row`.

# --instructions--

Add the CSS property `flex-direction` to the `#box-container` element, and give it a value of `row-reverse`.

# --hints--

The `#box-container` element should have a `flex-direction` property set to row-reverse.

```js
assert($('#box-container').css('flex-direction') == 'row-reverse');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  #box-container {
    display: flex;
    height: 500px;

  }
  #box-1 {
    background-color: dodgerblue;
    width: 50%;
    height: 50%;
  }

  #box-2 {
    background-color: orangered;
    width: 50%;
    height: 50%;
  }
</style>

<div id="box-container">
  <div id="box-1"></div>
  <div id="box-2"></div>
</div>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>
  #box-container {
    display: flex;
    height: 500px;
    flex-direction: row-reverse;
  }
  #box-1 {
    background-color: dodgerblue;
    width: 50%;
    height: 50%;
  }

  #box-2 {
    background-color: orangered;
    width: 50%;
    height: 50%;
  }
</style>

<div id="box-container">
  <div id="box-1"></div>
  <div id="box-2"></div>
</div>
```
