curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/compare-the-properties-of-two-elements.md, before:

---
id: 587d824c367417b2b2512c4d
title: Compare the Properties of Two Elements
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301588
---

# --description--

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on [Repl.it](https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai), or cloned from [GitHub](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/).

# --instructions--

Within `tests/1_unit-tests.js` under the test labelled `#8` in the `Comparisons` suite, change each `assert` to either `assert.isAbove` or `assert.isAtMost` to make the test pass (should evaluate to `true`). Do not alter the arguments passed to the asserts.

# --hints--

All tests should pass.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=7').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(data.state, 'passed');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

You should choose the correct method for the first assertion - `isAbove` vs. `isAtMost`.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=7').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(
        data.assertions[0].method,
        'isAtMost',
        '5 is at most (<=) 5'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

You should choose the correct method for the second assertion - `isAbove` vs. `isAtMost`.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=7').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(data.assertions[1].method, 'isAbove', '1 is greater than 0');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

You should choose the correct method for the third assertion - `isAbove` vs. `isAtMost`.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=7').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(
        data.assertions[2].method,
        'isAbove',
        'Math.PI = 3.14159265 is greater than 3'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

You should choose the correct method for the fourth assertion - `isAbove` vs. `isAtMost`.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=7').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(
        data.assertions[3].method,
        'isAtMost',
        '1 - Math.random() is > 0 and <= 1. It is atMost 1 !'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --seed--

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/compare-the-properties-of-two-elements.md, after:

---
id: 587d824c367417b2b2512c4d
title: Compare the Properties of Two Elements
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301588
dashedName: compare-the-properties-of-two-elements
---

# --description--

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on [Repl.it](https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai), or cloned from [GitHub](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/).

# --instructions--

Within `tests/1_unit-tests.js` under the test labelled `#8` in the `Comparisons` suite, change each `assert` to either `assert.isAbove` or `assert.isAtMost` to make the test pass (should evaluate to `true`). Do not alter the arguments passed to the asserts.

# --hints--

All tests should pass.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=7').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(data.state, 'passed');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

You should choose the correct method for the first assertion - `isAbove` vs. `isAtMost`.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=7').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(
        data.assertions[0].method,
        'isAtMost',
        '5 is at most (<=) 5'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

You should choose the correct method for the second assertion - `isAbove` vs. `isAtMost`.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=7').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(data.assertions[1].method, 'isAbove', '1 is greater than 0');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

You should choose the correct method for the third assertion - `isAbove` vs. `isAtMost`.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=7').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(
        data.assertions[2].method,
        'isAbove',
        'Math.PI = 3.14159265 is greater than 3'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

You should choose the correct method for the fourth assertion - `isAbove` vs. `isAtMost`.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=7').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.equal(
        data.assertions[3].method,
        'isAtMost',
        '1 - Math.random() is > 0 and <= 1. It is atMost 1 !'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
