curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/test-if-an-object-has-a-property.md, before:

---
id: 587d824e367417b2b2512c55
title: Test if an Object has a Property
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301604
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on <a href="https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai">Repl.it</a>, or cloned from <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/'>GitHub</a>.
<code>property</code> asserts that the actual object has a given property.

</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
Use <code>assert.property()</code> or <code>assert.notProperty()</code> to make the tests pass. 
</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: All tests should pass.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=15').then(data => { assert.equal(data.state,'passed'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - property vs. notProperty.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=15').then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[0].method, 'notProperty', 'A car has not wings'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - property vs. notProperty.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=15').then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[1].method, 'property', 'planes have engines'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - property vs. notProperty.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=15').then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[2].method, 'property', 'Cars have wheels'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

</section>

Commit message:

feat(learn): add mocha and chai instructions (#39976)
* feat(learn): add mocha and chai instructions

* test: added one new lesson

* rename added file and add tests

* add meta to prettierignore, fix formatting

* add unit-test numbering

* add examples from boilerplate

Co-authored-by: Randell Dawson <rdawson@onepathtech.com>

* remove code comments, add description

* elaborate test testStrings

Co-authored-by: Randell Dawson <rdawson@onepathtech.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/test-if-an-object-has-a-property.md, after:

---
id: 587d824e367417b2b2512c55
title: Test if an Object has a Property
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301604
---

## Description

<section id='description'>

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on <a href="https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai">Repl.it</a>, or cloned from <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/'>GitHub</a>.

`property` asserts that the actual object has a given property.

</section>

## Instructions

<section id='instructions'>

Within `tests/1_unit-tests.js` under the test labelled `#16` in the `Objects` suite, change each `assert` to either `assert.property` or `assert.notProperty` to make the test pass (should evaluate to `true`). Do not alter the arguments passed to the asserts.

</section>

## Tests

<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: All tests should pass.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=15').then(data => { assert.equal(data.state,'passed'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the correct method for the first assertion - `property` vs. `notProperty`.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=15').then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[0].method, 'notProperty', 'A car has not wings'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the correct method for the second assertion - `property` vs. `notProperty`.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=15').then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[1].method, 'property', 'planes have engines'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the correct method for the third assertion - `property` vs. `notProperty`.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=15').then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[2].method, 'property', 'Cars have wheels'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
```

</section>

## Challenge Seed

<section id='challengeSeed'>

</section>

## Solution

<section id='solution'>

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

</section>
