curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/test-if-one-value-is-below-or-at-least-as-large-as-another.md, before:

---
id: 587d824c367417b2b2512c4e
title: Test if One Value is Below or At Least as Large as Another
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301606
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on <a href="https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai">Repl.it</a>, or cloned from <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/'>GitHub</a>.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
Use <code>assert.isBelow()</code> (i.e. less than) or <code>assert.isAtLeast()</code> (i.e. greater than or equal) to make the tests pass.

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: All tests should pass.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=8').then(data => {assert.equal(data.state,'passed'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - isBelow vs. isAtLeast.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=8').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[0].method, 'isAtLeast', '5 is at least (>=) 5'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - isBelow vs. isAtLeast.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=8').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[1].method, 'isAtLeast', '2 * Math.random() is at least 0'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - isBelow vs. isAtLeast.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=8').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[2].method, 'isBelow', '1 is smaller than 2'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - isBelow vs. isAtLeast.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=8').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[3].method, 'isBelow', '2/3 (0.6666) is smaller than 1'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

</section>

Commit message:

feat(learn): add mocha and chai instructions (#39976)
* feat(learn): add mocha and chai instructions

* test: added one new lesson

* rename added file and add tests

* add meta to prettierignore, fix formatting

* add unit-test numbering

* add examples from boilerplate

Co-authored-by: Randell Dawson <rdawson@onepathtech.com>

* remove code comments, add description

* elaborate test testStrings

Co-authored-by: Randell Dawson <rdawson@onepathtech.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/test-if-one-value-is-below-or-at-least-as-large-as-another.md, after:

---
id: 587d824c367417b2b2512c4e
title: Test if One Value is Below or At Least as Large as Another
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301606
---

## Description

<section id='description'>

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on <a href="https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai">Repl.it</a>, or cloned from <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/'>GitHub</a>.

</section>

## Instructions

<section id='instructions'>

Within `tests/1_unit-tests.js` under the test labelled `#9` in the `Comparisons` suite, change each `assert` to either `assert.isBelow` or `assert.isAtLeast` to make the test pass (should evaluate to `true`). Do not alter the arguments passed to the asserts.

</section>

## Tests

<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: All tests should pass.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=8').then(data => {assert.equal(data.state,'passed'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the correct method for the first assertion - `isBelow` vs. `isAtLeast`.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=8').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[0].method, 'isAtLeast', '5 is at least (>=) 5'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the correct method for the second assertion - `isBelow` vs. `isAtLeast`.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=8').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[1].method, 'isAtLeast', '2 * Math.random() is at least 0'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the correct method for the third assertion - `isBelow` vs. `isAtLeast`.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=8').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[2].method, 'isBelow', '1 is smaller than 2'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the correct method for the fourth assertion - `isBelow` vs. `isAtLeast`.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=8').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[3].method, 'isBelow', '2/3 (0.6666) is smaller than 1'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
```

</section>

## Challenge Seed

<section id='challengeSeed'>

</section>

## Solution

<section id='solution'>

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

</section>
