curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/use-assert.isok-and-assert.isnotok.english.md, before:

---
id: 587d824b367417b2b2512c48
title: Use Assert.isOK and Assert.isNotOK
challengeType: 2
isHidden: false
forumTopicId: 301607
---

## Description
<section id='description'>

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on <a href='https://glitch.com/edit/#!/remix/clone-from-repo?REPO_URL=https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/'>Glitch</a>, or cloned from <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/'>GitHub</a>.

<code>isOk()</code> will test for a truthy value and <code>isNotOk()</code> will test for a falsy value.
[Truthy reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Truthy)
[Falsy reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Falsy)
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

Use <code>assert.isOk()</code> or <code>assert.isNotOk()</code> to make the tests pass.
</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: All tests should pass.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=2').then(data => {assert.equal(data.state,'passed'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - isOk vs. isNotOk.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=2').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[0].method, 'isNotOk', 'Null is falsy'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - isOk vs. isNotOk.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=2').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[1].method, 'isOk','A string is truthy'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - isOk vs. isNotOk.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=2').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[2].method, 'isOk', 'true is truthy'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

</section>

Commit message:

remove MDN links from English challenges (#39337)
* remove MDN links from English challenges

* add push challenge reference to record-collection

* refactor truthy falsy verbiage

* replace MDN link with news link

* remove unnecessary whitespace

curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/use-assert.isok-and-assert.isnotok.english.md, after:

---
id: 587d824b367417b2b2512c48
title: Use Assert.isOK and Assert.isNotOK
challengeType: 2
isHidden: false
forumTopicId: 301607
---

## Description
<section id='description'>

As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on <a href='https://glitch.com/edit/#!/remix/clone-from-repo?REPO_URL=https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/'>Glitch</a>, or cloned from <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/'>GitHub</a>.

<code>isOk()</code> will test for a truthy value and <code>isNotOk()</code> will test for a falsy value.
To learn more about truthy and falsy values, try our <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-algorithm-scripting/falsy-bouncer" target="_blank">Falsy Bouncer</a> challenge.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

Use <code>assert.isOk()</code> or <code>assert.isNotOk()</code> to make the tests pass.
</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: All tests should pass.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=2').then(data => {assert.equal(data.state,'passed'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - isOk vs. isNotOk.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=2').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[0].method, 'isNotOk', 'Null is falsy'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - isOk vs. isNotOk.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=2').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[1].method, 'isOk','A string is truthy'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: You should choose the right assertion - isOk vs. isNotOk.
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=unit&n=2').then(data => {  assert.equal(data.assertions[2].method, 'isOk', 'true is truthy'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

</section>
