curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-css-variables-by-building-a-city-skyline/5d822fd413a79914d39e98cc.md, before:

---
id: 5d822fd413a79914d39e98cc
title: Step 4
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

Add a `title` element to the `head`, and give your project a title of `City Skyline`. Also, nest a self-closing `link` element in the `head` element. Give it a `rel` attribute value of `stylesheet` and an `href` attribute value of `styles.css`.

# --hints--

Your code should have a `title` element.

```js
const title = document.querySelector('title');
assert.exists(title);
```

The `title` element should be within the `head` element.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('head > title'));
```

Your project should have a title of `City Skyline`.

```js
const title = document.querySelector('title');
assert.equal(title.text.toLowerCase(), 'city skyline')
```

Remember, the casing and spelling matters for the title.

```js
const title = document.querySelector('title');
assert.equal(title.text, 'City Skyline');
```

Your code should have a `link` element.

```js
assert.match(code, /<link/)
```

You should not change your existing `head` tags. Make sure you did not delete the closing tag.

```js
const heads = document.querySelectorAll('head');
assert.equal(heads?.length, 1);
```

Your `link` element should be a self-closing element.

```js
assert(code.match(/<link[\w\W\s]+\/>/i));
```

Your `link` element should be within your `head` element.

```js
assert(code.match(/<head>[\w\W\s]*<link[\w\W\s]*\/>[\w\W\s]*<\/head>/i))
```

Your `link` element should have a `rel` attribute with the value `stylesheet`.

```js
assert.match(code, /<link[\s\S]*?rel=('|"|`)stylesheet\1/)
```

Your `link` element should have an `href` attribute with the value `styles.css`.

```js
assert.match(code, /<link[\s\S]*?href=('|"|`)(\.\/)?styles\.css\1/)
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
--fcc-editable-region--
  <head>
    
  </head>
--fcc-editable-region--
  <body>
  </body>
</html>
```

Commit message:

chore(curriculum): validate skyline city project (#46708)
* meta and lang hint, test and description

* seed code account for meta and lang changes

* seed code account for meta change

* solved testing the correct order of the tags

* simpler description

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* hint about language attribute in step 2

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-css-variables-by-building-a-city-skyline/5d822fd413a79914d39e98cc.md, after:

---
id: 5d822fd413a79914d39e98cc
title: Step 4
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

Within the `head`, nest a `meta` element with a `charset` of `UTF-8`, a `title` element with a title of `City Skyline`, and a `link` element that links your `styles.css` file.

# --hints--

You should create a `meta` element within the `head` element.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('head > meta'));
```

You should give the `meta` tag a `charset` of `UTF-8`.

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelector('head > meta')?.getAttribute('charset')?.toLowerCase(), 'utf-8');
```

Your code should have a `title` element.

```js
const title = document.querySelector('title');
assert.exists(title);
```

The `title` element should be within the `head` element.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('head > title'));
```

Your project should have a title of `City Skyline`.

```js
const title = document.querySelector('title');
assert.equal(title.text.toLowerCase(), 'city skyline')
```

Remember, the casing and spelling matters for the title.

```js
const title = document.querySelector('title');
assert.equal(title.text, 'City Skyline');
```

Your code should have a `link` element.

```js
assert.match(code, /<link/)
```

You should not change your existing `head` tags. Make sure you did not delete the closing tag.

```js
const heads = document.querySelectorAll('head');
assert.equal(heads?.length, 1);
```

Your `link` element should be a self-closing element.

```js
assert(code.match(/<link[\w\W\s]+\/>/i));
```

Your `link` element should be within your `head` element.

```js
assert(code.match(/<head>[\w\W\s]*<link[\w\W\s]*\/>[\w\W\s]*<\/head>/i))
```

Your `link` element should have a `rel` attribute with the value `stylesheet`.

```js
assert.match(code, /<link[\s\S]*?rel=('|"|`)stylesheet\1/)
```

Your `link` element should have an `href` attribute with the value `styles.css`.

```js
assert.match(code, /<link[\s\S]*?href=('|"|`)(\.\/)?styles\.css\1/)
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
--fcc-editable-region--
  <head>
    
  </head>
--fcc-editable-region--
  <body>
  </body>
</html>
```
