curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/es6/use-destructuring-assignment-to-assign-variables-from-objects.md, before:

---
id: 587d7b89367417b2b2512b49
title: Use Destructuring Assignment to Assign Variables from Objects
challengeType: 1
forumTopicId: 301215
---

# --description--

Destructuring allows you to assign a new variable name when extracting values. You can do this by putting the new name after a colon when assigning the value.

Using the same object from the last example:

```js
const user = { name: 'John Doe', age: 34 };
```

Here's how you can give new variable names in the assignment:

```js
const { name: userName, age: userAge } = user;
// userName = 'John Doe', userAge = 34
```

You may read it as "get the value of `user.name` and assign it to a new variable named `userName`" and so on.

# --instructions--

Replace the two assignments with an equivalent destructuring assignment. It should still assign the variables `highToday` and `highTomorrow` the values of `today` and `tomorrow` from the `HIGH_TEMPERATURES` object.

# --hints--

You should remove the ES5 assignment syntax.

```js
assert(
  !code.match(/highToday = HIGH_TEMPERATURES\.today/g) &&
    !code.match(/highTomorrow = HIGH_TEMPERATURES\.tomorrow/g)
);
```

You should use destructuring to create the `highToday` variable.

```js
assert(
  code.match(
    /(var|const|let)\s*{\s*(today\s*:\s*highToday[^}]*|[^,]*,\s*today\s*:\s*highToday\s*)}\s*=\s*HIGH_TEMPERATURES(;|\s+|\/\/)/g
  )
);
```

You should use destructuring to create the `highTomorrow` variable.

```js
assert(
  code.match(
    /(var|const|let)\s*{\s*(tomorrow\s*:\s*highTomorrow[^}]*|[^,]*,\s*tomorrow\s*:\s*highTomorrow\s*)}\s*=\s*HIGH_TEMPERATURES(;|\s+|\/\/)/g
  )
);
```

`highToday` should be equal to `77` and `highTomorrow` should be equal to `80`.

```js
assert(highToday === 77 && highTomorrow === 80);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
const HIGH_TEMPERATURES = {
  yesterday: 75,
  today: 77,
  tomorrow: 80
};

// Only change code below this line
  
const highToday = HIGH_TEMPERATURES.today;
const highTomorrow = HIGH_TEMPERATURES.tomorrow; 

// Only change code above this line
```

# --solutions--

```js
const HIGH_TEMPERATURES = {
  yesterday: 75,
  today: 77,
  tomorrow: 80
};

const { today: highToday, tomorrow: highTomorrow } = HIGH_TEMPERATURES;
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/es6/use-destructuring-assignment-to-assign-variables-from-objects.md, after:

---
id: 587d7b89367417b2b2512b49
title: Use Destructuring Assignment to Assign Variables from Objects
challengeType: 1
forumTopicId: 301215
dashedName: use-destructuring-assignment-to-assign-variables-from-objects
---

# --description--

Destructuring allows you to assign a new variable name when extracting values. You can do this by putting the new name after a colon when assigning the value.

Using the same object from the last example:

```js
const user = { name: 'John Doe', age: 34 };
```

Here's how you can give new variable names in the assignment:

```js
const { name: userName, age: userAge } = user;
// userName = 'John Doe', userAge = 34
```

You may read it as "get the value of `user.name` and assign it to a new variable named `userName`" and so on.

# --instructions--

Replace the two assignments with an equivalent destructuring assignment. It should still assign the variables `highToday` and `highTomorrow` the values of `today` and `tomorrow` from the `HIGH_TEMPERATURES` object.

# --hints--

You should remove the ES5 assignment syntax.

```js
assert(
  !code.match(/highToday = HIGH_TEMPERATURES\.today/g) &&
    !code.match(/highTomorrow = HIGH_TEMPERATURES\.tomorrow/g)
);
```

You should use destructuring to create the `highToday` variable.

```js
assert(
  code.match(
    /(var|const|let)\s*{\s*(today\s*:\s*highToday[^}]*|[^,]*,\s*today\s*:\s*highToday\s*)}\s*=\s*HIGH_TEMPERATURES(;|\s+|\/\/)/g
  )
);
```

You should use destructuring to create the `highTomorrow` variable.

```js
assert(
  code.match(
    /(var|const|let)\s*{\s*(tomorrow\s*:\s*highTomorrow[^}]*|[^,]*,\s*tomorrow\s*:\s*highTomorrow\s*)}\s*=\s*HIGH_TEMPERATURES(;|\s+|\/\/)/g
  )
);
```

`highToday` should be equal to `77` and `highTomorrow` should be equal to `80`.

```js
assert(highToday === 77 && highTomorrow === 80);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
const HIGH_TEMPERATURES = {
  yesterday: 75,
  today: 77,
  tomorrow: 80
};

// Only change code below this line
  
const highToday = HIGH_TEMPERATURES.today;
const highTomorrow = HIGH_TEMPERATURES.tomorrow; 

// Only change code above this line
```

# --solutions--

```js
const HIGH_TEMPERATURES = {
  yesterday: 75,
  today: 77,
  tomorrow: 80
};

const { today: highToday, tomorrow: highTomorrow } = HIGH_TEMPERATURES;
```
