curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-html-and-html5/turn-an-image-into-a-link.english.md, before:

---
id: bad87fee1348bd9aedf08820
title: Turn an Image into a Link
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pVMPUv/cRdBnUr'
forumTopicId: 18327
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
You can make elements into links by nesting them within an <code>a</code> element.
Nest your image within an <code>a</code> element. Here's an example:
<code>&#60;a href="#"&#62;&#60;img src="https://bit.ly/fcc-running-cats" alt="Three kittens running towards the camera."&#62;&#60;/a&#62;</code>
Remember to use <code>#</code> as your <code>a</code> element's <code>href</code> property in order to turn it into a dead link.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
Place the existing image element within an <code>a</code> (<i>anchor</i>) element.
Once you've done this, hover over your image with your cursor. Your cursor's normal pointer should become the link clicking pointer. The photo is now a link.
</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: Nest the existing <code>img</code> element within an <code>a</code> element.
    testString: assert($("a").children("img").length > 0);
  - text: Your <code>a</code> element should be a dead link with a <code>href</code> attribute set to <code>#</code>.
    testString: assert(new RegExp("#").test($("a").children("img").parent().attr("href")));
  - text: Make sure each of your <code>a</code> elements has a closing tag.
    testString: assert(code.match(/<\/a>/g) && code.match(/<a/g) && code.match(/<\/a>/g).length === code.match(/<a/g).length);

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='html-seed'>

```html
<h2>CatPhotoApp</h2>
<main>
  <p>Click here to view more <a href="#">cat photos</a>.</p>

  <img src="https://bit.ly/fcc-relaxing-cat" alt="A cute orange cat lying on its back.">

  <p>Kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff.</p>
  <p>Purr jump eat the grass rip the couch scratched sunbathe, shed everywhere rip the couch sleep in the sink fluffy fur catnip scratched.</p>
</main>
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```html
<h2>CatPhotoApp</h2>
<main>
  <p>Click here to view more <a href="#">cat photos</a>.</p>
  
  <a href="#"><img src="https://bit.ly/fcc-relaxing-cat" alt="A cute orange cat lying on its back."></a>
  
  <p>Kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff.</p>
  <p>Purr jump eat the grass rip the couch scratched sunbathe, shed everywhere rip the couch sleep in the sink fluffy fur catnip scratched.</p>
</main>
```

</section>

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): changed challenge test text to use the word should for Responsive Web Design (#36860)
* fix: changed challenge test text to use should

* fix: changed have to be used in

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: reworded test verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: improved test verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: improved test verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected typo

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected typo

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: changed have the to be used in

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Parth Parth <34807532+thecodingaviator@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-html-and-html5/turn-an-image-into-a-link.english.md, after:

---
id: bad87fee1348bd9aedf08820
title: Turn an Image into a Link
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pVMPUv/cRdBnUr'
forumTopicId: 18327
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
You can make elements into links by nesting them within an <code>a</code> element.
Nest your image within an <code>a</code> element. Here's an example:
<code>&#60;a href="#"&#62;&#60;img src="https://bit.ly/fcc-running-cats" alt="Three kittens running towards the camera."&#62;&#60;/a&#62;</code>
Remember to use <code>#</code> as your <code>a</code> element's <code>href</code> property in order to turn it into a dead link.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
Place the existing image element within an <code>a</code> (<i>anchor</i>) element.
Once you've done this, hover over your image with your cursor. Your cursor's normal pointer should become the link clicking pointer. The photo is now a link.
</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: The existing <code>img</code> element should be nested within an <code>a</code> element.
    testString: assert($("a").children("img").length > 0);
  - text: Your <code>a</code> element should be a dead link with a <code>href</code> attribute set to <code>#</code>.
    testString: assert(new RegExp("#").test($("a").children("img").parent().attr("href")));
  - text: Each of your <code>a</code> elements should have a closing tag.
    testString: assert(code.match(/<\/a>/g) && code.match(/<a/g) && code.match(/<\/a>/g).length === code.match(/<a/g).length);

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='html-seed'>

```html
<h2>CatPhotoApp</h2>
<main>
  <p>Click here to view more <a href="#">cat photos</a>.</p>

  <img src="https://bit.ly/fcc-relaxing-cat" alt="A cute orange cat lying on its back.">

  <p>Kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff.</p>
  <p>Purr jump eat the grass rip the couch scratched sunbathe, shed everywhere rip the couch sleep in the sink fluffy fur catnip scratched.</p>
</main>
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```html
<h2>CatPhotoApp</h2>
<main>
  <p>Click here to view more <a href="#">cat photos</a>.</p>
  
  <a href="#"><img src="https://bit.ly/fcc-relaxing-cat" alt="A cute orange cat lying on its back."></a>
  
  <p>Kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff.</p>
  <p>Purr jump eat the grass rip the couch scratched sunbathe, shed everywhere rip the couch sleep in the sink fluffy fur catnip scratched.</p>
</main>
```

</section>
