curriculum/challenges/russian/06-information-security-and-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/run-functional-tests-using-a-headless-browser.russian.md, before:

---
id: 587d824f367417b2b2512c5c
title: Run Functional Tests using a Headless Browser
challengeType: 2
videoUrl: ''
localeTitle: Запуск функциональных тестов с использованием безгласного браузера
---

## Description
undefined

## Instructions
undefined

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: ''
    testString: 'getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput("url") + "/_api/get-tests?type=functional&n=4").then(data => { assert.equal(data.state,"passed"); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })'
  - text: ''
    testString: 'getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput("url") + "/_api/get-tests?type=functional&n=4").then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[0].method, "browser.success"); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })'
  - text: ''
    testString: 'getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput("url") + "/_api/get-tests?type=functional&n=4").then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[1].method, "browser.text"); assert.equal(data.assertions[1].args[0], "\"span#name\""); assert.equal(data.assertions[1].args[1], "\"Cristoforo\"");}, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })'
  - text: ''
    testString: 'getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput("url") + "/_api/get-tests?type=functional&n=4").then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[2].method, "browser.text"); assert.equal(data.assertions[2].args[0], "\"span#surname\""); assert.equal(data.assertions[2].args[1], "\"Colombo\"");}, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })'
  - text: ''
    testString: 'getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput("url") + "/_api/get-tests?type=functional&n=4").then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[3].method, "browser.element"); assert.equal(data.assertions[3].args[0], "\"span#dates\""); assert.equal(data.assertions[3].args[1], 1);}, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })'

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
// solution required
```
</section>

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): fix challenges for russian language

curriculum/challenges/russian/06-information-security-and-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-and-testing-with-chai/run-functional-tests-using-a-headless-browser.russian.md, after:

---
id: 587d824f367417b2b2512c5c
title: Run Functional Tests using a Headless Browser
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301595
localeTitle: Запуск функциональных тестов с использованием безгласного браузера
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
As a reminder, this project is being built upon the following starter project on <a href='https://glitch.com/#!/import/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/'>Glitch</a>, or cloned from <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mochachai/'>GitHub</a>.
In the next challenges we are going to simulate the human interaction with a page using a device called 'Headless Browser'.
A headless browser is a web browser without a graphical user interface. These kind of tools are particularly useful for testing web pages as they are able to render and understand HTML, CSS, and JavaScript the same way a browser would.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
For these challenges we are using Zombie.JS. It's a lightweight browser which is totally based on JS, without relying on additional binaries to be installed. This feature makes it usable in an environment such as Glitch. There are many other (more powerful) options.<br>
Look at the examples in the code for the exercise directions Follow the assertions order, We rely on it.
</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: All tests should pass
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=functional&n=4').then(data => { assert.equal(data.state,'passed'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: assert that the headless browser request succeeded
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=functional&n=4').then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[0].method, 'browser.success'); }, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: assert that the text inside the element 'span#name' is 'Cristoforo'
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=functional&n=4').then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[1].method, 'browser.text'); assert.equal(data.assertions[1].args[0], '\'span#name\''); assert.equal(data.assertions[1].args[1], '\'Cristoforo\'');}, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: assert that the text inside the element 'span#surname' is 'Colombo'
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=functional&n=4').then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[2].method, 'browser.text'); assert.equal(data.assertions[2].args[0], '\'span#surname\''); assert.equal(data.assertions[2].args[1], '\'Colombo\'');}, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })
  - text: assert that the element 'span#dates' exist and its count is 1
    testString: getUserInput => $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests?type=functional&n=4').then(data => { assert.equal(data.assertions[3].method, 'browser.element'); assert.equal(data.assertions[3].args[0], '\'span#dates\''); assert.equal(data.assertions[3].args[1], 1);}, xhr => { throw new Error(xhr.responseText); })

```

</section>
