curriculum/challenges/english/08-coding-interview-prep/data-structures/create-a-trie-search-tree.english.md, before:

---
id: 587d8259367417b2b2512c84
title: Create a Trie Search Tree
challengeType: 1
forumTopicId: 301634
---

## Description
<section id='description'>

Here we will move on from binary search trees and take a look at another type of tree structure called a trie. A trie is an ordered search tree commonly used to hold strings, or more generically associative arrays or dynamic datasets in which the keys are strings. They are very good at storing sets of data when many keys will have overlapping prefixes, for example, all the words in a dictionary.
Unlike a binary tree, nodes are not associated with actual values. Instead, the path to a node represents a specific key. For instance, if we wanted to store the string code in a trie, we would have four nodes, one for each letter: c — o — d — e. Following that path through all these nodes will then create code as a string — that path is the key we stored. Then, if we wanted to add the string coding, it would share the first three nodes of code before branching away after the d. In this way, large datasets can be stored very compactly. In addition, search can be very quick because it is effectively limited to the length of the string you are storing. Furthermore, unlike binary trees a node can store any number of child nodes.
As you might have guessed from the above example, some metadata is commonly stored at nodes that hold the end of a key so that on later traversals that key can still be retrieved. For instance, if we added codes in our example above we would need some way to know that the e in code represents the end of a key that was previously entered. Otherwise, this information would effectively be lost when we add codes.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

Let's create a trie to store words. It will accept words through an <code>add</code> method and store these in a trie data structure. It will also allow us to query if a given string is a word with an <code>isWord</code> method, and retrieve all the words entered into the trie with a <code>print</code> method. <code>isWord</code> should return a boolean value and print should return an array of all these words as string values.
In order for us to verify that this data structure is implemented correctly, we've provided a <code>Node</code> structure for each node in the tree. Each node will be an object with a <code>keys</code> property which is a JavaScript Map object. This will hold the individual letters that are valid keys of each node. We've also created an <code>end</code> property on the nodes that can be set to <code>true</code> if the node represents the termination of a word.
</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: The Trie has an add method.
    testString: assert((function testTrie() { var test = false; if (typeof Trie !== 'undefined') { test = new Trie() } else { return false; }; return (typeof test.add == 'function') }()));
  - text: The Trie has a print method.
    testString: assert((function testTrie() { var test = false; if (typeof Trie !== 'undefined') { test = new Trie() } else { return false; }; return (typeof test.print == 'function') }()));
  - text: The Trie has an isWord method.
    testString: assert((function testTrie() { var test = false; if (typeof Trie !== 'undefined') { test = new Trie() } else { return false; }; return (typeof test.isWord == 'function') }()));
  - text: The print method returns all items added to the trie as strings in an array.
    testString: assert((function testTrie() { var test = false; if (typeof Trie !== 'undefined') { test = new Trie() } else { return false; }; test.add('jump'); test.add('jumps'); test.add('jumped'); test.add('house'); test.add('mouse'); var added = test.print(); return (added.indexOf('jump') != -1 && added.indexOf('jumps') != -1 && added.indexOf('jumped') != -1 && added.indexOf('house') != -1 && added.indexOf('mouse') != -1 && added.length == 5); }()));
  - text: The isWord method returns true only for words added to the trie and false for all other words.
    testString: assert((function testTrie() { var test = false; if (typeof Trie !== 'undefined') { test = new Trie() } else { return false; }; test.add('hop'); test.add('hops'); test.add('hopped'); test.add('hoppy'); test.add('hope'); return (test.isWord('hop') && !test.isWord('ho') && test.isWord('hopped') && !test.isWord('hopp') && test.isWord('hoppy') && !test.isWord('hoping')); }()));
```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='js-seed'>

```js
var displayTree = tree => console.log(JSON.stringify(tree, null, 2));
var Node = function() {
  this.keys = new Map();
  this.end = false;
  this.setEnd = function() {
    this.end = true;
  };
  this.isEnd = function() {
    return this.end;
  };
};
var Trie = function() {
  // change code below this line
  // change code above this line
};
```

</div>
</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
// solution required
```

</section>

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): changed test text to use should for Coding Interview Prep - part 1 of 2 (#37765)
* fix: changed test text to use should

* fix: corrected typo

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected typo

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected typo

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: use singular of verb

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: changed punctuation

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: reworded test text

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/08-coding-interview-prep/data-structures/create-a-trie-search-tree.english.md, after:

---
id: 587d8259367417b2b2512c84
title: Create a Trie Search Tree
challengeType: 1
forumTopicId: 301634
---

## Description
<section id='description'>

Here we will move on from binary search trees and take a look at another type of tree structure called a trie. A trie is an ordered search tree commonly used to hold strings, or more generically associative arrays or dynamic datasets in which the keys are strings. They are very good at storing sets of data when many keys will have overlapping prefixes, for example, all the words in a dictionary.
Unlike a binary tree, nodes are not associated with actual values. Instead, the path to a node represents a specific key. For instance, if we wanted to store the string code in a trie, we would have four nodes, one for each letter: c — o — d — e. Following that path through all these nodes will then create code as a string — that path is the key we stored. Then, if we wanted to add the string coding, it would share the first three nodes of code before branching away after the d. In this way, large datasets can be stored very compactly. In addition, search can be very quick because it is effectively limited to the length of the string you are storing. Furthermore, unlike binary trees a node can store any number of child nodes.
As you might have guessed from the above example, some metadata is commonly stored at nodes that hold the end of a key so that on later traversals that key can still be retrieved. For instance, if we added codes in our example above we would need some way to know that the e in code represents the end of a key that was previously entered. Otherwise, this information would effectively be lost when we add codes.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

Let's create a trie to store words. It will accept words through an <code>add</code> method and store these in a trie data structure. It will also allow us to query if a given string is a word with an <code>isWord</code> method, and retrieve all the words entered into the trie with a <code>print</code> method. <code>isWord</code> should return a boolean value and print should return an array of all these words as string values.
In order for us to verify that this data structure is implemented correctly, we've provided a <code>Node</code> structure for each node in the tree. Each node will be an object with a <code>keys</code> property which is a JavaScript Map object. This will hold the individual letters that are valid keys of each node. We've also created an <code>end</code> property on the nodes that can be set to <code>true</code> if the node represents the termination of a word.
</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: The Trie should have an add method.
    testString: assert((function testTrie() { var test = false; if (typeof Trie !== 'undefined') { test = new Trie() } else { return false; }; return (typeof test.add == 'function') }()));
  - text: The Trie should have a print method.
    testString: assert((function testTrie() { var test = false; if (typeof Trie !== 'undefined') { test = new Trie() } else { return false; }; return (typeof test.print == 'function') }()));
  - text: The Trie should have an isWord method.
    testString: assert((function testTrie() { var test = false; if (typeof Trie !== 'undefined') { test = new Trie() } else { return false; }; return (typeof test.isWord == 'function') }()));
  - text: The print method should return all items added to the trie as strings in an array.
    testString: assert((function testTrie() { var test = false; if (typeof Trie !== 'undefined') { test = new Trie() } else { return false; }; test.add('jump'); test.add('jumps'); test.add('jumped'); test.add('house'); test.add('mouse'); var added = test.print(); return (added.indexOf('jump') != -1 && added.indexOf('jumps') != -1 && added.indexOf('jumped') != -1 && added.indexOf('house') != -1 && added.indexOf('mouse') != -1 && added.length == 5); }()));
  - text: The isWord method should return true only for words added to the trie and false for all other words.
    testString: assert((function testTrie() { var test = false; if (typeof Trie !== 'undefined') { test = new Trie() } else { return false; }; test.add('hop'); test.add('hops'); test.add('hopped'); test.add('hoppy'); test.add('hope'); return (test.isWord('hop') && !test.isWord('ho') && test.isWord('hopped') && !test.isWord('hopp') && test.isWord('hoppy') && !test.isWord('hoping')); }()));
```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='js-seed'>

```js
var displayTree = tree => console.log(JSON.stringify(tree, null, 2));
var Node = function() {
  this.keys = new Map();
  this.end = false;
  this.setEnd = function() {
    this.end = true;
  };
  this.isEnd = function() {
    return this.end;
  };
};
var Trie = function() {
  // change code below this line
  // change code above this line
};
```

</div>
</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
// solution required
```

</section>
