curriculum/challenges/english/05-apis-and-microservices/mongodb-and-mongoose/install-and-set-up-mongoose.md, before:

---
id: 587d7fb6367417b2b2512c06
title: Install and Set Up Mongoose
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301540
dashedName: install-and-set-up-mongoose
---

# --description--

In this challenge, you will import the required projects, and connect to your Atlas database.

# --instructions--

Add `mongodb` and `mongoose` to the project’s `package.json`. Then, require mongoose as `mongoose` in `myApp.js`. Create a `.env` file and add a `MONGO_URI` variable to it. Its value should be your MongoDB Atlas database URI. Be sure to surround the URI with single or double quotes, and remember that you can't use spaces around the `=` in environment variables. For example, `MONGO_URI='VALUE'`. When you are done, connect to the database using the following syntax:

```js
mongoose.connect(<Your URI>, { useNewUrlParser: true, useUnifiedTopology: true });
```

# --hints--

"mongodb" dependency should be in package.json

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/file/package.json').then(
    (data) => {
      var packJson = JSON.parse(data);
      assert.property(packJson.dependencies, 'mongodb');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

"mongoose" dependency should be in package.json

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/file/package.json').then(
    (data) => {
      var packJson = JSON.parse(data);
      assert.property(packJson.dependencies, 'mongoose');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

"mongoose" should be connected to a database

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/is-mongoose-ok').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.isTrue(data.isMongooseOk, 'mongoose is not connected');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat: move Repl.it links to first challenge in backend projects (#40803)

curriculum/challenges/english/05-apis-and-microservices/mongodb-and-mongoose/install-and-set-up-mongoose.md, after:

---
id: 587d7fb6367417b2b2512c06
title: Install and Set Up Mongoose
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301540
dashedName: install-and-set-up-mongoose
---

# --description--

Working on these challenges will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

- Clone [this GitHub repo](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mongomongoose/) and complete these challenges locally.
- Use [our Repl.it starter project](https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mongomongoose) to complete these challenges.
- Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field.

In this challenge, you will set up a MongoDB Atlas database and import the required packages to connect to it.

Follow <a href='https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/get-started-with-mongodb-atlas/' rel='noopener noreferrer' target='_blank'>this tutorial</a> to set up a hosted database on MongoDB Atlas.

# --instructions--

Add `mongodb` and `mongoose` to the project’s `package.json`. Then, require mongoose as `mongoose` in `myApp.js`. Create a `.env` file and add a `MONGO_URI` variable to it. Its value should be your MongoDB Atlas database URI. Be sure to surround the URI with single or double quotes, and remember that you can't use spaces around the `=` in environment variables. For example, `MONGO_URI='VALUE'`. When you are done, connect to the database using the following syntax:

```js
mongoose.connect(<Your URI>, { useNewUrlParser: true, useUnifiedTopology: true });
```

# --hints--

"mongodb" dependency should be in package.json

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/file/package.json').then(
    (data) => {
      var packJson = JSON.parse(data);
      assert.property(packJson.dependencies, 'mongodb');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

"mongoose" dependency should be in package.json

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/file/package.json').then(
    (data) => {
      var packJson = JSON.parse(data);
      assert.property(packJson.dependencies, 'mongoose');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

"mongoose" should be connected to a database

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/is-mongoose-ok').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.isTrue(data.isMongooseOk, 'mongoose is not connected');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
