curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/responsive-web-design-projects/build-a-product-landing-page.md, before:

---
id: 587d78af367417b2b2512b04
title: Build a Product Landing Page
challengeType: 3
forumTopicId: 301144
dashedName: build-a-product-landing-page
---

# --description--

**Objective:** Build a [CodePen.io](https://codepen.io) app that is functionally similar to this: <https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/RKRbwL>.

Fulfill the below [user stories](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_story) and get all of the tests to pass. Give it your own personal style.

You can use HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to complete this project. Plain CSS is recommended because that is what the lessons have covered so far and you should get some practice with plain CSS. You can use Bootstrap or SASS if you choose. Additional technologies (just for example jQuery, React, Angular, or Vue) are not recommended for this project, and using them is at your own risk. Other projects will give you a chance to work with different technology stacks like React. We will accept and try to fix all issue reports that use the suggested technology stack for this project. Happy coding!

**User Story #1:** My product landing page should have a `header` element with a corresponding `id="header"`.

**User Story #2:** I can see an image within the `header` element with a corresponding `id="header-img"`. A company logo would make a good image here.

**User Story #3:** Within the `#header` element I can see a `nav` element with a corresponding `id="nav-bar"`.

**User Story #4:** I can see at least three clickable elements inside the `nav` element, each with the class `nav-link`.

**User Story #5:** When I click a `.nav-link` button in the `nav` element, I am taken to the corresponding section of the landing page.

**User Story #6:** I can watch an embedded product video with `id="video"`.

**User Story #7:** My landing page has a `form` element with a corresponding `id="form"`.

**User Story #8:** Within the form, there is an `input` field with `id="email"` where I can enter an email address.

**User Story #9:** The `#email` input field should have placeholder text to let the user know what the field is for.

**User Story #10:** The `#email` input field uses HTML5 validation to confirm that the entered text is an email address.

**User Story #11:** Within the form, there is a submit `input` with a corresponding `id="submit"`.

**User Story #12:** When I click the `#submit` element, the email is submitted to a static page (use this mock URL: <https://www.freecodecamp.com/email-submit>).

**User Story #13:** The navbar should always be at the top of the viewport.

**User Story #14:** My product landing page should have at least one media query.

**User Story #15:** My product landing page should utilize CSS flexbox at least once.

You can build your project by forking [this CodePen pen](https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/pen/MJjpwO). Or you can use this CDN link to run the tests in any environment you like: `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/testable-projects-fcc/v1/bundle.js`

Once you're done, submit the URL to your working project with all its tests passing.

# --solutions--

```html
// solution required
```

Commit message:

fix(learn): Change Codepen template link (#41440)

curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/responsive-web-design-projects/build-a-product-landing-page.md, after:

---
id: 587d78af367417b2b2512b04
title: Build a Product Landing Page
challengeType: 3
forumTopicId: 301144
dashedName: build-a-product-landing-page
---

# --description--

**Objective:** Build a [CodePen.io](https://codepen.io) app that is functionally similar to this: <https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/RKRbwL>.

Fulfill the below [user stories](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_story) and get all of the tests to pass. Give it your own personal style.

You can use HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to complete this project. Plain CSS is recommended because that is what the lessons have covered so far and you should get some practice with plain CSS. You can use Bootstrap or SASS if you choose. Additional technologies (just for example jQuery, React, Angular, or Vue) are not recommended for this project, and using them is at your own risk. Other projects will give you a chance to work with different technology stacks like React. We will accept and try to fix all issue reports that use the suggested technology stack for this project. Happy coding!

**User Story #1:** My product landing page should have a `header` element with a corresponding `id="header"`.

**User Story #2:** I can see an image within the `header` element with a corresponding `id="header-img"`. A company logo would make a good image here.

**User Story #3:** Within the `#header` element I can see a `nav` element with a corresponding `id="nav-bar"`.

**User Story #4:** I can see at least three clickable elements inside the `nav` element, each with the class `nav-link`.

**User Story #5:** When I click a `.nav-link` button in the `nav` element, I am taken to the corresponding section of the landing page.

**User Story #6:** I can watch an embedded product video with `id="video"`.

**User Story #7:** My landing page has a `form` element with a corresponding `id="form"`.

**User Story #8:** Within the form, there is an `input` field with `id="email"` where I can enter an email address.

**User Story #9:** The `#email` input field should have placeholder text to let the user know what the field is for.

**User Story #10:** The `#email` input field uses HTML5 validation to confirm that the entered text is an email address.

**User Story #11:** Within the form, there is a submit `input` with a corresponding `id="submit"`.

**User Story #12:** When I click the `#submit` element, the email is submitted to a static page (use this mock URL: <https://www.freecodecamp.com/email-submit>).

**User Story #13:** The navbar should always be at the top of the viewport.

**User Story #14:** My product landing page should have at least one media query.

**User Story #15:** My product landing page should utilize CSS flexbox at least once.

You can build your project by <a href='https://codepen.io/pen?template=MJjpwO' target='_blank' rel='nofollow'>using this CodePen template</a> and clicking `Save` to create your own pen. Or you can use this CDN link to run the tests in any environment you like: `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/testable-projects-fcc/v1/bundle.js`

Once you're done, submit the URL to your working project with all its tests passing.

# --solutions--

```html
// solution required
```
