curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/intermediate-algorithm-scripting/sum-all-numbers-in-a-range.english.md, before:

---
id: a3566b1109230028080c9345
title: Sum All Numbers in a Range
isRequired: true
challengeType: 5
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
We'll pass you an array of two numbers. Return the sum of those two numbers plus the sum of all the numbers between them.
The lowest number will not always come first.
Remember to use <a href='http://forum.freecodecamp.org/t/how-to-get-help-when-you-are-stuck/19514' target='_blank'>Read-Search-Ask</a> if you get stuck. Try to pair program. Write your own code.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: <code>sumAll([1, 4])</code> should return a number.
    testString: assert(typeof sumAll([1, 4]) === 'number', '<code>sumAll([1, 4])</code> should return a number.');
  - text: <code>sumAll([1, 4])</code> should return 10.
    testString: assert.deepEqual(sumAll([1, 4]), 10, '<code>sumAll([1, 4])</code> should return 10.');
  - text: <code>sumAll([4, 1])</code> should return 10.
    testString: assert.deepEqual(sumAll([4, 1]), 10, '<code>sumAll([4, 1])</code> should return 10.');
  - text: <code>sumAll([5, 10])</code> should return 45.
    testString: assert.deepEqual(sumAll([5, 10]), 45, '<code>sumAll([5, 10])</code> should return 45.');
  - text: <code>sumAll([10, 5])</code> should return 45.
    testString: assert.deepEqual(sumAll([10, 5]), 45, '<code>sumAll([10, 5])</code> should return 45.');

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='js-seed'>

```js
function sumAll(arr) {
  return 1;
}

sumAll([1, 4]);
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>


```js
function sumAll(arr) {
  var sum = 0;
  arr.sort(function(a,b) {return a-b;});
  for (var i = arr[0]; i <= arr[1]; i++) {
    sum += i;
  }
  return sum;
}
```

</section>

Commit message:

Added example Input/Output to challenge (#34738)
* Added example Input/Output to challenge

Input/Output example will make it clear what the challenge is asking the camper to do.

* Formatting changes made to file

* Made minor changes in formatting

Added <code> tag to single line code.

* Formatting update

* Added requested formatting changes

* Refactored sentence and removed earlier example

curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/intermediate-algorithm-scripting/sum-all-numbers-in-a-range.english.md, after:

---
id: a3566b1109230028080c9345
title: Sum All Numbers in a Range
isRequired: true
challengeType: 5
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
We'll pass you an array of two numbers. Return the sum of those two numbers plus the sum of all the numbers between them. The lowest number will not always come first.

For example, <code>sumAll([4,1])</code> should return <code>10</code> because sum of all the numbers between 1 and 4 (both inclusive) is <code>10</code>.

Remember to use <a href='http://forum.freecodecamp.org/t/how-to-get-help-when-you-are-stuck/19514' target='_blank'>Read-Search-Ask</a> if you get stuck. Try to pair program. Write your own code.

</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: <code>sumAll([1, 4])</code> should return a number.
    testString: assert(typeof sumAll([1, 4]) === 'number', '<code>sumAll([1, 4])</code> should return a number.');
  - text: <code>sumAll([1, 4])</code> should return 10.
    testString: assert.deepEqual(sumAll([1, 4]), 10, '<code>sumAll([1, 4])</code> should return 10.');
  - text: <code>sumAll([4, 1])</code> should return 10.
    testString: assert.deepEqual(sumAll([4, 1]), 10, '<code>sumAll([4, 1])</code> should return 10.');
  - text: <code>sumAll([5, 10])</code> should return 45.
    testString: assert.deepEqual(sumAll([5, 10]), 45, '<code>sumAll([5, 10])</code> should return 45.');
  - text: <code>sumAll([10, 5])</code> should return 45.
    testString: assert.deepEqual(sumAll([10, 5]), 45, '<code>sumAll([10, 5])</code> should return 45.');

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='js-seed'>

```js
function sumAll(arr) {
  return 1;
}

sumAll([1, 4]);
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>


```js
function sumAll(arr) {
  var sum = 0;
  arr.sort(function(a,b) {return a-b;});
  for (var i = arr[0]; i <= arr[1]; i++) {
    sum += i;
  }
  return sum;
}
```

</section>
