curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-399-squarefree-fibonacci-numbers.md, before:

---
id: 5900f4fc1000cf542c51000e
title: 'Problem 399: Squarefree Fibonacci Numbers'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 302064
dashedName: problem-399-squarefree-fibonacci-numbers
---

# --description--

The first 15 fibonacci numbers are:

1,1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34,55,89,144,233,377,610.

It can be seen that 8 and 144 are not squarefree: 8 is divisible by 4 and 144 is divisible by 4 and by 9.

So the first 13 squarefree fibonacci numbers are:

1,1,2,3,5,13,21,34,55,89,233,377 and 610.

The 200th squarefree fibonacci number is: 971183874599339129547649988289594072811608739584170445. The last sixteen digits of this number are: 1608739584170445 and in scientific notation this number can be written as 9.7e53.

Find the 100 000 000th squarefree fibonacci number. Give as your answer its last sixteen digits followed by a comma followed by the number in scientific notation (rounded to one digit after the decimal point). For the 200th squarefree number the answer would have been: 1608739584170445,9.7e53

Note: For this problem, assume that for every prime p, the first fibonacci number divisible by p is not divisible by p2 (this is part of Wall's conjecture). This has been verified for primes ≤ 3·1015, but has not been proven in general.

If it happens that the conjecture is false, then the accepted answer to this problem isn't guaranteed to be the 100 000 000th squarefree fibonacci number, rather it represents only a lower bound for that number.

# --hints--

`euler399()` should return 1508395636674243, 6.5e27330467.

```js
assert.strictEqual(euler399(), 1508395636674243, 6.5e27330467);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function euler399() {

  return true;
}

euler399();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 381-400 (#43024)
* fix: clean-up Project Euler 381-400

* fix: missing image extension

* fix: missing subscripts

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-399-squarefree-fibonacci-numbers.md, after:

---
id: 5900f4fc1000cf542c51000e
title: 'Problem 399: Squarefree Fibonacci Numbers'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 302064
dashedName: problem-399-squarefree-fibonacci-numbers
---

# --description--

The first 15 fibonacci numbers are:

$$1,1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34,55,89,144,233,377,610.$$

It can be seen that 8 and 144 are not squarefree: 8 is divisible by 4 and 144 is divisible by 4 and by 9.

So the first 13 squarefree fibonacci numbers are:

$$1,1,2,3,5,13,21,34,55,89,233,377 \text{ and } 610.$$

The $200$th squarefree fibonacci number is: 971183874599339129547649988289594072811608739584170445. The last sixteen digits of this number are: 1608739584170445 and in scientific notation this number can be written as `9.7e53`.

Find the $100\\,000\\,000$th squarefree fibonacci number. Give as your answer as a string with its last sixteen digits followed by a comma followed by the number in scientific notation (rounded to one digit after the decimal point). For the $200$th squarefree number the answer would have been: `1608739584170445,9.7e53`

**Note:** For this problem, assume that for every prime $p$, the first fibonacci number divisible by $p$ is not divisible by $p^2$ (this is part of Wall's conjecture). This has been verified for primes $≤ 3 \times {10}^{15}$, but has not been proven in general.

If it happens that the conjecture is false, then the accepted answer to this problem isn't guaranteed to be the $100\\,000\\,000$th squarefree fibonacci number, rather it represents only a lower bound for that number.

# --hints--

`squarefreeFibonacciNumbers()` should return a string.

```js
assert(typeof squarefreeFibonacciNumbers() === 'string');
```

`squarefreeFibonacciNumbers()` should return the string `1508395636674243,6.5e27330467`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(squarefreeFibonacciNumbers(), '1508395636674243,6.5e27330467');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function squarefreeFibonacciNumbers() {

  return true;
}

squarefreeFibonacciNumbers();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```
