curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-207-integer-partition-equations.md, before:

---
id: 5900f43c1000cf542c50ff4e
title: 'Problem 207: Integer partition equations'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301848
dashedName: problem-207-integer-partition-equations
---

# --description--

For some positive integers k, there exists an integer partition of the form 4t = 2t + k,

where 4t, 2t, and k are all positive integers and t is a real number.

The first two such partitions are 41 = 21 + 2 and 41.5849625... = 21.5849625... + 6.

Partitions where t is also an integer are called perfect. For any m ≥ 1 let P(m) be the proportion of such partitions that are perfect with k ≤ m. Thus P(6) = 1/2.

In the following table are listed some values of P(m) P(5) = 1/1 P(10) = 1/2 P(15) = 2/3 P(20) = 1/2 P(25) = 1/2 P(30) = 2/5 ... P(180) = 1/4 P(185) = 3/13

Find the smallest m for which P(m) &lt; 1/12345

# --hints--

`euler207()` should return 44043947822.

```js
assert.strictEqual(euler207(), 44043947822);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function euler207() {

  return true;
}

euler207();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 201-220 (#42826)
* fix: clean-up Project Euler 201-220

* fix: corrections from review

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-207-integer-partition-equations.md, after:

---
id: 5900f43c1000cf542c50ff4e
title: 'Problem 207: Integer partition equations'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301848
dashedName: problem-207-integer-partition-equations
---

# --description--

For some positive integers $k$, there exists an integer partition of the form $4^t = 2^t + k$,

where $4^t$, $2^t$, and $k$ are all positive integers and $t$ is a real number.

The first two such partitions are $4^1 = 2^1 + 2$ and $4^{1.584\\,962\\,5\ldots} = 2^{1.584\\,962\\,5\ldots} + 6$.

Partitions where $t$ is also an integer are called perfect. For any $m ≥ 1$ let $P(m)$ be the proportion of such partitions that are perfect with $k ≤ m$.

Thus $P(6) = \frac{1}{2}$.

In the following table are listed some values of $P(m)$

$$\begin{align}
  & P(5) = \frac{1}{1}    \\\\
  & P(10) = \frac{1}{2}   \\\\
  & P(15) = \frac{2}{3}   \\\\
  & P(20) = \frac{1}{2}   \\\\
  & P(25) = \frac{1}{2}   \\\\
  & P(30) = \frac{2}{5}   \\\\
  & \ldots                \\\\
  & P(180) = \frac{1}{4}  \\\\
  & P(185) = \frac{3}{13}
\end{align}$$

Find the smallest $m$ for which $P(m) &lt; \frac{1}{12\\,345}$

# --hints--

`integerPartitionEquations()` should return `44043947822`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(integerPartitionEquations(), 44043947822);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function integerPartitionEquations() {

  return true;
}

integerPartitionEquations();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```
