curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-183-maximum-product-of-parts.md, before:

---
id: 5900f4231000cf542c50ff36
title: 'Problem 183: Maximum product of parts'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301819
dashedName: problem-183-maximum-product-of-parts
---

# --description--

Let N be a positive integer and let N be split into k equal parts, r = N/k, so that N = r + r + ... + r.

Let P be the product of these parts, P = r × r × ... × r = rk.

For example, if 11 is split into five equal parts, 11 = 2.2 + 2.2 + 2.2 + 2.2 + 2.2, then P = 2.25 = 51.53632.

Let M(N) = Pmax for a given value of N.

It turns out that the maximum for N = 11 is found by splitting eleven into four equal parts which leads to Pmax = (11/4)4; that is, M(11) = 14641/256 = 57.19140625, which is a terminating decimal.

However, for N = 8 the maximum is achieved by splitting it into three equal parts, so M(8) = 512/27, which is a non-terminating decimal.

Let D(N) = N if M(N) is a non-terminating decimal and D(N) = -N if M(N) is a terminating decimal.

For example, ΣD(N) for 5 ≤ N ≤ 100 is 2438.

Find ΣD(N) for 5 ≤ N ≤ 10000.

# --hints--

`euler183()` should return 48861552.

```js
assert.strictEqual(euler183(), 48861552);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function euler183() {

  return true;
}

euler183();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 181-200 (#42819)
* fix: clean-up Project Euler 181-200

* fix: corrections from review

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: missing delimiter

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-183-maximum-product-of-parts.md, after:

---
id: 5900f4231000cf542c50ff36
title: 'Problem 183: Maximum product of parts'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301819
dashedName: problem-183-maximum-product-of-parts
---

# --description--

Let $N$ be a positive integer and let $N$ be split into $k$ equal parts, $r = \frac{N}{k}$, so that $N = r + r + \cdots + r$.

Let $P$ be the product of these parts, $P = r × r × \cdots × r = r^k$.

For example, if 11 is split into five equal parts, 11 = 2.2 + 2.2 + 2.2 + 2.2 + 2.2, then $P = {2.2}^5 = 51.53632$.

Let $M(N) = P_{max}$ for a given value of $N$.

It turns out that the maximum for $N = 11$ is found by splitting eleven into four equal parts which leads to $P_{max} = {(\frac{11}{4})}^4$; that is, $M(11) = \frac{14641}{256} = 57.19140625$, which is a terminating decimal.

However, for $N = 8$ the maximum is achieved by splitting it into three equal parts, so $M(8) = \frac{512}{27}$, which is a non-terminating decimal.

Let $D(N) = N$ if $M(N)$ is a non-terminating decimal and $D(N) = -N$ if $M(N)$ is a terminating decimal.

For example, $\sum D(N)$ for $5 ≤ N ≤ 100$ is 2438.

Find $\sum D(N)$ for $5 ≤ N ≤ 10000$.

# --hints--

`maximumProductOfParts()` should return `48861552`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(maximumProductOfParts(), 48861552);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function maximumProductOfParts() {

  return true;
}

maximumProductOfParts();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```
