curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-278-linear-combinations-of-semiprimes.md, before:

---
id: 5900f4831000cf542c50ff95
title: 'Problem 278: Linear Combinations of Semiprimes'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301928
dashedName: problem-278-linear-combinations-of-semiprimes
---

# --description--

Given the values of integers 1 &lt; a1 &lt; a2 &lt;... &lt; an, consider the linear combination q1a1 + q2a2 + ... + qnan = b, using only integer values qk ≥ 0.

Note that for a given set of ak, it may be that not all values of b are possible. For instance, if a1 = 5 and a2 = 7, there are no q1 ≥ 0 and q2 ≥ 0 such that b could be 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 9, 11, 13, 16, 18 or 23.

In fact, 23 is the largest impossible value of b for a1 = 5 and a2 = 7. We therefore call f(5, 7) = 23. Similarly, it can be shown that f(6, 10, 15)=29 and f(14, 22, 77) = 195.

Find ∑ f(p*q,p*r,q\*r), where p, q and r are prime numbers and p &lt; q &lt; r &lt; 5000.

# --hints--

`euler278()` should return 1228215747273908500.

```js
assert.strictEqual(euler278(), 1228215747273908500);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function euler278() {

  return true;
}

euler278();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 261-280 (#42905)
* fix: clean-up Project Euler 261-280

* fix: typo

* fix: typo

* fix: typo

curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-278-linear-combinations-of-semiprimes.md, after:

---
id: 5900f4831000cf542c50ff95
title: 'Problem 278: Linear Combinations of Semiprimes'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301928
dashedName: problem-278-linear-combinations-of-semiprimes
---

# --description--

Given the values of integers $1 &lt; a_1 &lt; a_2 &lt; \ldots &lt; a_n$, consider the linear combination $q_1a_1 + q_2a_2 + \ldots + q_na_n = b$, using only integer values $q_k ≥ 0$.

Note that for a given set of $a_k$, it may be that not all values of $b$ are possible. For instance, if $a_1 = 5$ and $a_2 = 7$, there are no $q_1 ≥ 0$ and $q_2 ≥ 0$ such that $b$ could be 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 9, 11, 13, 16, 18 or 23.

In fact, 23 is the largest impossible value of $b$ for $a_1 = 5$ and $a_2 = 7$. We therefore call $f(5, 7) = 23$. Similarly, it can be shown that $f(6, 10, 15)=29$ and $f(14, 22, 77) = 195$.

Find $\sum f(pq,pr,qr)$, where $p$, $q$ and $r$ are prime numbers and $p &lt; q &lt; r &lt; 5000$.

# --hints--

`linearCombinationOfSemiprimes()` should return `1228215747273908500`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(linearCombinationOfSemiprimes(), 1228215747273908500);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function linearCombinationOfSemiprimes() {

  return true;
}

linearCombinationOfSemiprimes();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```
