curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-262-mountain-range.md, before:

---
id: 5900f4731000cf542c50ff85
title: 'Problem 262: Mountain Range'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301911
dashedName: problem-262-mountain-range
---

# --description--

The following equation represents the continuous topography of a mountainous region, giving the elevation h at any point (x,y):

A mosquito intends to fly from A(200,200) to B(1400,1400), without leaving the area given by 0 ≤ x, y ≤ 1600.

Because of the intervening mountains, it first rises straight up to a point A', having elevation f. Then, while remaining at the same elevation f, it flies around any obstacles until it arrives at a point B' directly above B.

First, determine fmin which is the minimum constant elevation allowing such a trip from A to B, while remaining in the specified area. Then, find the length of the shortest path between A' and B', while flying at that constant elevation fmin.

Give that length as your answer, rounded to three decimal places.

Note: For convenience, the elevation function shown above is repeated below, in a form suitable for most programming languages: h=( 5000-0.005*(x*x+y*y+x*y)+12.5*(x+y) )* exp( -abs(0.000001*(x*x+y*y)-0.0015*(x+y)+0.7) )

# --hints--

`euler262()` should return 2531.205.

```js
assert.strictEqual(euler262(), 2531.205);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function euler262() {

  return true;
}

euler262();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 261-280 (#42905)
* fix: clean-up Project Euler 261-280

* fix: typo

* fix: typo

* fix: typo

curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-262-mountain-range.md, after:

---
id: 5900f4731000cf542c50ff85
title: 'Problem 262: Mountain Range'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301911
dashedName: problem-262-mountain-range
---

# --description--

The following equation represents the continuous topography of a mountainous region, giving the elevation $h$ at any point ($x$,$y$):

$$h = \left(5000 - \frac{x^2 + y^2 + xy}{200} + \frac{25(x + y)}{2}\right) \times e^{-\left|\frac{x^2 + y^2}{1\\,000\\,000} - \frac{3(x + y)}{2000} + \frac{7}{10}\right|}$$

A mosquito intends to fly from A(200,200) to B(1400,1400), without leaving the area given by $0 ≤ x$, $y ≤ 1600$.

Because of the intervening mountains, it first rises straight up to a point A', having elevation $f$. Then, while remaining at the same elevation $f$, it flies around any obstacles until it arrives at a point B' directly above B.

First, determine $f_{min}$ which is the minimum constant elevation allowing such a trip from A to B, while remaining in the specified area. Then, find the length of the shortest path between A' and B', while flying at that constant elevation $f_{min}$.

Give that length as your answer, rounded to three decimal places.

**Note:** For convenience, the elevation function shown above is repeated below, in a form suitable for most programming languages: `h=( 5000-0.005*(x*x+y*y+x*y)+12.5*(x+y) )* exp( -abs(0.000001*(x*x+y*y)-0.0015*(x+y)+0.7) )`.

# --hints--

`mountainRange()` should return `2531.205`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(mountainRange(), 2531.205);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function mountainRange() {

  return true;
}

mountainRange();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```
