curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-316-numbers-in-decimal-expansions.md, before:

---
id: 5900f4a81000cf542c50ffbb
title: 'Problem 316: Numbers in decimal expansions'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301972
dashedName: problem-316-numbers-in-decimal-expansions
---

# --description--

Let p = p1 p2 p3 ... be an infinite sequence of random digits, selected from {0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9} with equal probability.

It can be seen that p corresponds to the real number 0.p1 p2 p3 ....

It can also be seen that choosing a random real number from the interval \[0,1) is equivalent to choosing an infinite sequence of random digits selected from {0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9} with equal probability.

For any positive integer n with d decimal digits, let k be the smallest index such that pk, pk+1, ...pk+d-1 are the decimal digits of n, in the same order. Also, let g(n) be the expected value of k; it can be proven that g(n) is always finite and, interestingly, always an integer number.

For example, if n = 535, then for p = 31415926535897...., we get k = 9 for p = 355287143650049560000490848764084685354..., we get k = 36 etc and we find that g(535) = 1008.

Given that , find

Note: represents the floor function.

# --hints--

`euler316()` should return 542934735751917760.

```js
assert.strictEqual(euler316(), 542934735751917760);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function euler316() {

  return true;
}

euler316();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 301-320 (#42926)
* fix: clean-up Project Euler 301-320

* fix: corrections from review

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-316-numbers-in-decimal-expansions.md, after:

---
id: 5900f4a81000cf542c50ffbb
title: 'Problem 316: Numbers in decimal expansions'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301972
dashedName: problem-316-numbers-in-decimal-expansions
---

# --description--

Let $p = p_1 p_2 p_3 \ldots$ be an infinite sequence of random digits, selected from {0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9} with equal probability.

It can be seen that $p$ corresponds to the real number $0.p_1 p_2 p_3 \ldots$.

It can also be seen that choosing a random real number from the interval [0,1) is equivalent to choosing an infinite sequence of random digits selected from {0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9} with equal probability.

For any positive integer $n$ with $d$ decimal digits, let $k$ be the smallest index such that $p_k, p_{k + 1}, \ldots p_{k + d - 1}$ are the decimal digits of $n$, in the same order.

Also, let $g(n)$ be the expected value of $k$; it can be proven that $g(n)$ is always finite and, interestingly, always an integer number.

For example, if $n = 535$, then

for $p = 31415926\mathbf{535}897\ldots$, we get $k = 9$

for $p = 35528714365004956000049084876408468\mathbf{535}4\ldots$, we get $k = 36$

etc and we find that $g(535) = 1008$.

Given that $\displaystyle\sum_{n = 2}^{999} g\left(\left\lfloor\frac{{10}^6}{n}\right\rfloor\right) = 27280188$, find $\displaystyle\sum_{n = 2}^{999\\,999} g\left(\left\lfloor\frac{{10}^{16}}{n}\right\rfloor\right)$.

**Note:** $\lfloor x\rfloor$ represents the floor function.

# --hints--

`numbersInDecimalExpansion()` should return `542934735751917760`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(numbersInDecimalExpansion(), 542934735751917760);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function numbersInDecimalExpansion() {

  return true;
}

numbersInDecimalExpansion();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```
