curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-140-modified-fibonacci-golden-nuggets.md, before:

---
id: 5900f3fa1000cf542c50ff0c
title: 'Problem 140: Modified Fibonacci golden nuggets'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301769
dashedName: problem-140-modified-fibonacci-golden-nuggets
---

# --description--

Consider the infinite polynomial series AG(x) = xG1 + x2G2 + x3G3 + ..., where Gk is the kth term of the second order recurrence relation Gk = Gk−1 + Gk−2, G1 = 1 and G2 = 4; that is, 1, 4, 5, 9, 14, 23, ... .

For this problem we shall be concerned with values of x for which AG(x) is a positive integer.

The corresponding values of x for the first five natural numbers are shown below.

xAG(x) (√5−1)/41 2/52 (√22−2)/63 (√137−5)/144 1/25

We shall call AG(x) a golden nugget if x is rational, because they become increasingly rarer; for example, the 20th golden nugget is 211345365. Find the sum of the first thirty golden nuggets.

# --hints--

`euler140()` should return 5673835352990.

```js
assert.strictEqual(euler140(), 5673835352990);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function euler140() {

  return true;
}

euler140();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 121-140 (#42731)
* fix: clean-up Project Euler 121-140

* fix: corrections from review

Co-authored-by: Sem Bauke <46919888+Sembauke@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: missing backticks

Co-authored-by: Kristofer Koishigawa <scissorsneedfoodtoo@gmail.com>

* fix: corrections from review

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: missing delimiter

Co-authored-by: Sem Bauke <46919888+Sembauke@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kristofer Koishigawa <scissorsneedfoodtoo@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-140-modified-fibonacci-golden-nuggets.md, after:

---
id: 5900f3fa1000cf542c50ff0c
title: 'Problem 140: Modified Fibonacci golden nuggets'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301769
dashedName: problem-140-modified-fibonacci-golden-nuggets
---

# --description--

Consider the infinite polynomial series $A_G(x) = xG_1 + x^2G_2 + x^3G_3 + \cdots$, where $G_k$ is the $k$th term of the second order recurrence relation $G_k = G_{k − 1} + G_{k − 2}, G_1 = 1$ and $G_2 = 4$; that is, $1, 4, 5, 9, 14, 23, \ldots$.

For this problem we shall be concerned with values of $x$ for which $A_G(x)$ is a positive integer.

The corresponding values of $x$ for the first five natural numbers are shown below.

| $x$                         | $A_G(x)$ |
|-----------------------------|----------|
| $\frac{\sqrt{5} − 1}{4}$    | $1$      |
| $\frac{2}{5}$               | $2$      |
| $\frac{\sqrt{22} − 2}{6}$   | $3$      |
| $\frac{\sqrt{137} − 5}{14}$ | $4$      |
| $\frac{1}{2}$               | $5$      |

We shall call $A_G(x)$ a golden nugget if $x$ is rational because they become increasingly rarer; for example, the 20th golden nugget is 211345365. Find the sum of the first thirty golden nuggets.

# --hints--

`modifiedGoldenNuggets()` should return `5673835352990`

```js
assert.strictEqual(modifiedGoldenNuggets(), 5673835352990);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function modifiedGoldenNuggets() {

  return true;
}

modifiedGoldenNuggets();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```
