curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-306-paper-strip-game.md, before:

---
id: 5900f49f1000cf542c50ffb1
title: 'Problem 306: Paper-strip Game'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301960
dashedName: problem-306-paper-strip-game
---

# --description--

The following game is a classic example of Combinatorial Game Theory:

Two players start with a strip of n white squares and they take alternate turns. On each turn, a player picks two contiguous white squares and paints them black. The first player who cannot make a move loses.

If n = 1, there are no valid moves, so the first player loses automatically. If n = 2, there is only one valid move, after which the second player loses. If n = 3, there are two valid moves, but both leave a situation where the second player loses. If n = 4, there are three valid moves for the first player; she can win the game by painting the two middle squares. If n = 5, there are four valid moves for the first player (shown below in red); but no matter what she does, the second player (blue) wins.

So, for 1 ≤ n ≤ 5, there are 3 values of n for which the first player can force a win. Similarly, for 1 ≤ n ≤ 50, there are 40 values of n for which the first player can force a win.

For 1 ≤ n ≤ 1 000 000, how many values of n are there for which the first player can force a win?

# --hints--

`euler306()` should return 852938.

```js
assert.strictEqual(euler306(), 852938);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function euler306() {

  return true;
}

euler306();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): clean-up Project Euler 301-320 (#42926)
* fix: clean-up Project Euler 301-320

* fix: corrections from review

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-306-paper-strip-game.md, after:

---
id: 5900f49f1000cf542c50ffb1
title: 'Problem 306: Paper-strip Game'
challengeType: 5
forumTopicId: 301960
dashedName: problem-306-paper-strip-game
---

# --description--

The following game is a classic example of Combinatorial Game Theory:

Two players start with a strip of $n$ white squares and they take alternate turns. On each turn, a player picks two contiguous white squares and paints them black. The first player who cannot make a move loses.

- $n = 1$: No valid moves, so the first player loses automatically.
- $n = 2$: Only one valid move, after which the second player loses.
- $n = 3$: Two valid moves, but both leave a situation where the second player loses.
- $n = 4$: There are three valid moves for the first player; who is able to win the game by painting the two middle squares.
- $n = 5$: Four valid moves for the first player (shown below in red); but no matter what the player does, the second player (blue) wins.

<img class="img-responsive center-block" alt="valid starting moves for strip with 5 squares" src="https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/project-euler/paper-strip-game.gif" style="background-color: white; padding: 10px;">

So, for $1 ≤ n ≤ 5$, there are 3 values of $n$ for which the first player can force a win.

Similarly, for $1 ≤ n ≤ 50$, there are 40 values of $n$ for which the first player can force a win.

For $1 ≤ n ≤ 1\\,000\\,000$, how many values of $n$ are there for which the first player can force a win?

# --hints--

`paperStripGame()` should return `852938`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(paperStripGame(), 852938);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function paperStripGame() {

  return true;
}

paperStripGame();
```

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```
