curriculum/challenges/english/05-back-end-development-and-apis/back-end-development-and-apis-projects/file-metadata-microservice.md, before:

---
id: bd7158d8c443edefaeb5bd0f
title: File Metadata Microservice
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 301506
dashedName: file-metadata-microservice
---

# --description--

Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href="https://file-metadata-microservice.freecodecamp.rocks" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://file-metadata-microservice.freecodecamp.rocks</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

-   Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-filemetadata/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
-   Use <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-filemetadata" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">our Replit starter project</a> to complete your project.
-   Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --instructions--

**HINT:** You can use the `multer` npm package to handle file uploading.

# --hints--

You should provide your own project, not the example URL.

```js
(getUserInput) => {
  assert(
    !/.*\/file-metadata-microservice\.freecodecamp\.rocks/.test(
      getUserInput('url')
    )
  );
};
```

You can submit a form that includes a file upload.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const site = await fetch(getUserInput('url'));
  const data = await site.text();
  const doc = new DOMParser().parseFromString(data, 'text/html');
  assert(doc.querySelector('input[type="file"]'));
};
```

The form file input field has the `name` attribute set to `upfile`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const site = await fetch(getUserInput('url'));
  const data = await site.text();
  const doc = new DOMParser().parseFromString(data, 'text/html');
  assert(doc.querySelector('input[name="upfile"]'));
};
```

When you submit a file, you receive the file `name`, `type`, and `size` in bytes within the JSON response.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const formData = new FormData();
  const fileData = await fetch(
    'https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/weather-icons/01d.png'
  );
  const file = await fileData.blob();
  formData.append('upfile', file, 'icon');
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/api/fileanalyse', {
    method: 'POST',
    body: formData
  });
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.property(parsed, 'size');
  assert.equal(parsed.name, 'icon');
  assert.equal(parsed.type, 'image/png');
};
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat: add instructions to import in replit (#48374)
Closes https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/48274

curriculum/challenges/english/05-back-end-development-and-apis/back-end-development-and-apis-projects/file-metadata-microservice.md, after:

---
id: bd7158d8c443edefaeb5bd0f
title: File Metadata Microservice
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 301506
dashedName: file-metadata-microservice
---

# --description--

Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href="https://file-metadata-microservice.freecodecamp.rocks" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://file-metadata-microservice.freecodecamp.rocks</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

-   Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-filemetadata/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
-   Use <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-filemetadata" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">our Replit starter project</a> to complete your project.
-   Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

If you use Replit, follow these steps to set up the project:

-   Start by importing the project on Replit. 
-   Next, you will see a `.replit` window. 
-   Select `Use run command` and click the `Done` button. 

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --instructions--

**HINT:** You can use the `multer` npm package to handle file uploading.

# --hints--

You should provide your own project, not the example URL.

```js
(getUserInput) => {
  assert(
    !/.*\/file-metadata-microservice\.freecodecamp\.rocks/.test(
      getUserInput('url')
    )
  );
};
```

You can submit a form that includes a file upload.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const site = await fetch(getUserInput('url'));
  const data = await site.text();
  const doc = new DOMParser().parseFromString(data, 'text/html');
  assert(doc.querySelector('input[type="file"]'));
};
```

The form file input field has the `name` attribute set to `upfile`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const site = await fetch(getUserInput('url'));
  const data = await site.text();
  const doc = new DOMParser().parseFromString(data, 'text/html');
  assert(doc.querySelector('input[name="upfile"]'));
};
```

When you submit a file, you receive the file `name`, `type`, and `size` in bytes within the JSON response.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const formData = new FormData();
  const fileData = await fetch(
    'https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/weather-icons/01d.png'
  );
  const file = await fileData.blob();
  formData.append('upfile', file, 'icon');
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/api/fileanalyse', {
    method: 'POST',
    body: formData
  });
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.property(parsed, 'size');
  assert.equal(parsed.name, 'icon');
  assert.equal(parsed.type, 'image/png');
};
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
