curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/jquery/remove-classes-from-an-element-with-jquery.english.md, before:

---
id: bad87fee1348bd9aed918626
title: Remove Classes from an Element with jQuery
required:
  - link: 'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/animate.css/3.2.0/animate.css'
challengeType: 6
forumTopicId: 18264
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
In the same way you can add classes to an element with jQuery's <code>addClass()</code> function, you can remove them with jQuery's <code>removeClass()</code> function.
Here's how you would do this for a specific button:
<code>$("#target2").removeClass("btn-default");</code>
Let's remove the <code>btn-default</code> class from all of our <code>button</code> elements.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: Remove the <code>btn-default</code> class from all of your <code>button</code> elements.
    testString: assert($(".btn-default").length === 0);
  - text: Only use jQuery to remove this class from the element.
    testString: assert(code.match(/btn btn-default/g));
  - text: Only remove the <code>btn-default</code> class.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.[\v\s]*removeClass[\s\v]*\([\s\v]*('|")\s*btn-default\s*('|")[\s\v]*\)/gm));

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='html-seed'>

```html
<script>
  $(document).ready(function() {
    $("button").addClass("animated bounce");
    $(".well").addClass("animated shake");
    $("#target3").addClass("animated fadeOut");

  });
</script>

<!-- Only change code above this line. -->

<div class="container-fluid">
  <h3 class="text-primary text-center">jQuery Playground</h3>
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-6">
      <h4>#left-well</h4>
      <div class="well" id="left-well">
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target1">#target1</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target2">#target2</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target3">#target3</button>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-6">
      <h4>#right-well</h4>
      <div class="well" id="right-well">
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target4">#target4</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target5">#target5</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target6">#target6</button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```html
<script>
  $(document).ready(function() {
    $("button").addClass("animated bounce");
    $(".well").addClass("animated shake");
    $("#target3").addClass("animated fadeOut");
    $("button").removeClass("btn-default");
  });
</script>

<!-- Only change code above this line. -->

<div class="container-fluid">
  <h3 class="text-primary text-center">jQuery Playground</h3>
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-6">
      <h4>#left-well</h4>
      <div class="well" id="left-well">
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target1">#target1</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target2">#target2</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target3">#target3</button>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-6">
      <h4>#right-well</h4>
      <div class="well" id="right-well">
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target4">#target4</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target5">#target5</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target6">#target6</button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
```

</section>

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): changed test text to use should for Front End Libraries (#37762)
Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/jquery/remove-classes-from-an-element-with-jquery.english.md, after:

---
id: bad87fee1348bd9aed918626
title: Remove Classes from an Element with jQuery
required:
  - link: 'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/animate.css/3.2.0/animate.css'
challengeType: 6
forumTopicId: 18264
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
In the same way you can add classes to an element with jQuery's <code>addClass()</code> function, you can remove them with jQuery's <code>removeClass()</code> function.
Here's how you would do this for a specific button:
<code>$("#target2").removeClass("btn-default");</code>
Let's remove the <code>btn-default</code> class from all of our <code>button</code> elements.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: The <code>btn-default</code> class should be removed from all of your <code>button</code> elements.
    testString: assert($(".btn-default").length === 0);
  - text: You should only use jQuery to remove this class from the element.
    testString: assert(code.match(/btn btn-default/g));
  - text: You should only remove the <code>btn-default</code> class.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.[\v\s]*removeClass[\s\v]*\([\s\v]*('|")\s*btn-default\s*('|")[\s\v]*\)/gm));

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='html-seed'>

```html
<script>
  $(document).ready(function() {
    $("button").addClass("animated bounce");
    $(".well").addClass("animated shake");
    $("#target3").addClass("animated fadeOut");

  });
</script>

<!-- Only change code above this line. -->

<div class="container-fluid">
  <h3 class="text-primary text-center">jQuery Playground</h3>
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-6">
      <h4>#left-well</h4>
      <div class="well" id="left-well">
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target1">#target1</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target2">#target2</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target3">#target3</button>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-6">
      <h4>#right-well</h4>
      <div class="well" id="right-well">
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target4">#target4</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target5">#target5</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target6">#target6</button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```html
<script>
  $(document).ready(function() {
    $("button").addClass("animated bounce");
    $(".well").addClass("animated shake");
    $("#target3").addClass("animated fadeOut");
    $("button").removeClass("btn-default");
  });
</script>

<!-- Only change code above this line. -->

<div class="container-fluid">
  <h3 class="text-primary text-center">jQuery Playground</h3>
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-6">
      <h4>#left-well</h4>
      <div class="well" id="left-well">
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target1">#target1</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target2">#target2</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target3">#target3</button>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-6">
      <h4>#right-well</h4>
      <div class="well" id="right-well">
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target4">#target4</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target5">#target5</button>
        <button class="btn btn-default target" id="target6">#target6</button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
```

</section>
