curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-css/style-the-html-body-element.english.md, before:

---
id: bad87fee1348bd9aedf08736
title: Style the HTML Body Element
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/c/cB77PHW'
forumTopicId: 18313
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
Now let's start fresh and talk about CSS inheritance.
Every HTML page has a <code>body</code> element.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
We can prove that the <code>body</code> element exists here by giving it a <code>background-color</code> of black.
We can do this by adding the following to our <code>style</code> element:

```css
body {
  background-color: black;
}
```

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: Give your <code>body</code> element the <code>background-color</code> of black.
    testString: assert($("body").css("background-color") === "rgb(0, 0, 0)");
  - text: Make sure your CSS rule is properly formatted with both opening and closing curly brackets.
    testString: assert(code.match(/<style>\s*body\s*\{\s*background.*\s*:\s*.*;\s*\}\s*<\/style>/i));
  - text: Make sure your CSS rule ends with a semi-colon.
    testString: assert(code.match(/<style>\s*body\s*\{\s*background.*\s*:\s*.*;\s*\}\s*<\/style>/i));

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='html-seed'>

```html
<style>

</style>
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```html
<style>
body {
  background-color: black;
}
</style>
```

</section>

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): changed challenge test text to use the word should for Responsive Web Design (#36860)
* fix: changed challenge test text to use should

* fix: changed have to be used in

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: reworded test verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: improved test verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: improved test verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected typo

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected typo

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: changed have the to be used in

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Parth Parth <34807532+thecodingaviator@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-css/style-the-html-body-element.english.md, after:

---
id: bad87fee1348bd9aedf08736
title: Style the HTML Body Element
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/c/cB77PHW'
forumTopicId: 18313
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
Now let's start fresh and talk about CSS inheritance.
Every HTML page has a <code>body</code> element.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
We can prove that the <code>body</code> element exists here by giving it a <code>background-color</code> of black.
We can do this by adding the following to our <code>style</code> element:

```css
body {
  background-color: black;
}
```

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: Your <code>body</code> element should have the <code>background-color</code> of black.
    testString: assert($("body").css("background-color") === "rgb(0, 0, 0)");
  - text: Your CSS rule should be properly formatted with both opening and closing curly brackets.
    testString: assert(code.match(/<style>\s*body\s*\{\s*background.*\s*:\s*.*;\s*\}\s*<\/style>/i));
  - text: Your CSS rule should end with a semi-colon.
    testString: assert(code.match(/<style>\s*body\s*\{\s*background.*\s*:\s*.*;\s*\}\s*<\/style>/i));

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='html-seed'>

```html
<style>

</style>
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```html
<style>
body {
  background-color: black;
}
</style>
```

</section>
