curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-css/use-rgb-to-mix-colors.english.md, before:

---
id: bad82fee1348bd9aedf08721
title: Use RGB to Mix Colors
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/c/cm24JU6'
forumTopicId: 18368
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
Just like with hex code, you can mix colors in RGB by using combinations of different values.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
Replace the hex codes in our <code>style</code> element with their correct RGB values.
<table class='table table-striped'><tr><th>Color</th><th>RGB</th></tr><tr><td>Blue</td><td><code>rgb(0, 0, 255)</code></td></tr><tr><td>Red</td><td><code>rgb(255, 0, 0)</code></td></tr><tr><td>Orchid</td><td><code>rgb(218, 112, 214)</code></td></tr><tr><td>Sienna</td><td><code>rgb(160, 82, 45)</code></td></tr></table>
</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: Give your <code>h1</code> element with the text <code>I am red!</code> the <code>color</code> red.
    testString: assert($('.red-text').css('color') === 'rgb(255, 0, 0)');
  - text: Use <code>rgb</code> for the color red.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.red-text\s*?{\s*?color:\s*?rgb\(\s*?255\s*?,\s*?0\s*?,\s*?0\s*?\)\s*?;\s*?}/gi));
  - text: Give your <code>h1</code> element with the text <code>I am orchid!</code> the <code>color</code> orchid.
    testString: assert($('.orchid-text').css('color') === 'rgb(218, 112, 214)');
  - text: Use <code>rgb</code> for the color orchid.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.orchid-text\s*?{\s*?color:\s*?rgb\(\s*?218\s*?,\s*?112\s*?,\s*?214\s*?\)\s*?;\s*?}/gi));
  - text: Give your <code>h1</code> element with the text <code>I am blue!</code> the <code>color</code> blue.
    testString: assert($('.blue-text').css('color') === 'rgb(0, 0, 255)');
  - text: Use <code>rgb</code> for the color blue.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.blue-text\s*?{\s*?color:\s*?rgb\(\s*?0\s*?,\s*?0\s*?,\s*?255\s*?\)\s*?;\s*?}/gi));
  - text: Give your <code>h1</code> element with the text <code>I am sienna!</code> the <code>color</code> sienna.
    testString: assert($('.sienna-text').css('color') === 'rgb(160, 82, 45)');
  - text: Use <code>rgb</code> for the color sienna.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.sienna-text\s*?{\s*?color:\s*?rgb\(\s*?160\s*?,\s*?82\s*?,\s*?45\s*?\)\s*?;\s*?}/gi));

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='html-seed'>

```html
<style>
  .red-text {
    color: #000000;
  }
  .orchid-text {
    color: #000000;
  }
  .sienna-text {
    color: #000000;
  }
  .blue-text {
    color: #000000;
  }
</style>

<h1 class="red-text">I am red!</h1>

<h1 class="orchid-text">I am orchid!</h1>

<h1 class="sienna-text">I am sienna!</h1>

<h1 class="blue-text">I am blue!</h1>
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
<style>
  .red-text {
    color: rgb(255, 0, 0);
  }
  .orchid-text {
    color: rgb(218, 112, 214);
  }
  .sienna-text {
    color: rgb(160, 82, 45);
  }
  .blue-text {
    color:rgb(0, 0, 255);
  }
</style>

<h1 class="red-text">I am red!</h1>

<h1 class="orchid-text">I am orchid!</h1>

<h1 class="sienna-text">I am sienna!</h1>

<h1 class="blue-text">I am blue!</h1>
```

</section>

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): changed challenge test text to use the word should for Responsive Web Design (#36860)
* fix: changed challenge test text to use should

* fix: changed have to be used in

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: reworded test verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: improved test verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: improved test verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected typo

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected typo

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: changed have the to be used in

Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: corrected verbiage

Co-Authored-By: Parth Parth <34807532+thecodingaviator@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-css/use-rgb-to-mix-colors.english.md, after:

---
id: bad82fee1348bd9aedf08721
title: Use RGB to Mix Colors
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/c/cm24JU6'
forumTopicId: 18368
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
Just like with hex code, you can mix colors in RGB by using combinations of different values.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>
Replace the hex codes in our <code>style</code> element with their correct RGB values.
<table class='table table-striped'><tr><th>Color</th><th>RGB</th></tr><tr><td>Blue</td><td><code>rgb(0, 0, 255)</code></td></tr><tr><td>Red</td><td><code>rgb(255, 0, 0)</code></td></tr><tr><td>Orchid</td><td><code>rgb(218, 112, 214)</code></td></tr><tr><td>Sienna</td><td><code>rgb(160, 82, 45)</code></td></tr></table>
</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: Your <code>h1</code> element with the text <code>I am red!</code> should have the <code>color</code> red.
    testString: assert($('.red-text').css('color') === 'rgb(255, 0, 0)');
  - text: You should use <code>rgb</code> for the color red.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.red-text\s*?{\s*?color:\s*?rgb\(\s*?255\s*?,\s*?0\s*?,\s*?0\s*?\)\s*?;\s*?}/gi));
  - text: Your <code>h1</code> element with the text <code>I am orchid!</code> should have the <code>color</code> orchid.
    testString: assert($('.orchid-text').css('color') === 'rgb(218, 112, 214)');
  - text: You should use <code>rgb</code> for the color orchid.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.orchid-text\s*?{\s*?color:\s*?rgb\(\s*?218\s*?,\s*?112\s*?,\s*?214\s*?\)\s*?;\s*?}/gi));
  - text: Your <code>h1</code> element with the text <code>I am blue!</code> should have the <code>color</code> blue.
    testString: assert($('.blue-text').css('color') === 'rgb(0, 0, 255)');
  - text: You should use <code>rgb</code> for the color blue.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.blue-text\s*?{\s*?color:\s*?rgb\(\s*?0\s*?,\s*?0\s*?,\s*?255\s*?\)\s*?;\s*?}/gi));
  - text: Your <code>h1</code> element with the text <code>I am sienna!</code> should have the <code>color</code> sienna.
    testString: assert($('.sienna-text').css('color') === 'rgb(160, 82, 45)');
  - text: You should use <code>rgb</code> for the color sienna.
    testString: assert(code.match(/\.sienna-text\s*?{\s*?color:\s*?rgb\(\s*?160\s*?,\s*?82\s*?,\s*?45\s*?\)\s*?;\s*?}/gi));

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='html-seed'>

```html
<style>
  .red-text {
    color: #000000;
  }
  .orchid-text {
    color: #000000;
  }
  .sienna-text {
    color: #000000;
  }
  .blue-text {
    color: #000000;
  }
</style>

<h1 class="red-text">I am red!</h1>

<h1 class="orchid-text">I am orchid!</h1>

<h1 class="sienna-text">I am sienna!</h1>

<h1 class="blue-text">I am blue!</h1>
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
<style>
  .red-text {
    color: rgb(255, 0, 0);
  }
  .orchid-text {
    color: rgb(218, 112, 214);
  }
  .sienna-text {
    color: rgb(160, 82, 45);
  }
  .blue-text {
    color:rgb(0, 0, 255);
  }
</style>

<h1 class="red-text">I am red!</h1>

<h1 class="orchid-text">I am orchid!</h1>

<h1 class="sienna-text">I am sienna!</h1>

<h1 class="blue-text">I am blue!</h1>
```

</section>
