curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-projects/issue-tracker.md, before:

---
id: 587d8249367417b2b2512c42
title: Issue Tracker
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 301569
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href="https://issue-tracker.freecodecamp.rocks/" target="_blank">https://issue-tracker.freecodecamp.rocks/</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

- Clone <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-issuetracker/' target='_blank'>this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
- Use <a href="https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-issuetracker" target='_blank'>this repl.it starter project</a> to complete your project.
- Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

- Complete the neccessary routes in `/routes/api.js`
- Create all of the functional tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`
- Copy the `sample.env` file to `.env` and set the variables appropriately
- To run the tests uncomment `NODE_ENV=test` in your `.env` file
- To run the tests in the console, use the command `npm run test`. To open the Repl.it console, press Ctrl+Shift+P (Cmd if on a Mac) and type "open shell"

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: You can provide your own project, not the example URL.
    testString: "
      getUserInput => {
        assert(!/.*\\/issue-tracker\\.freecodecamp\\.rocks/.test(getUserInput('url')));
      }"
  - text: You can send a `POST` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` with form data containing the required fields `issue_title`, `issue_text`, `created_by`, and optionally `assigned_to` and `status_text`.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => {
      try {
         let test_data = {
           issue_title: "Faux Issue Title",
           issue_text: "Functional Test - Required Fields Only",
           created_by: "fCC",
         };
         const data = await $.post(getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project", test_data);
         assert.isObject(data);
         assert.nestedInclude(data, test_data);
       } catch(err) {
         throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
       }
    }'
  - text: The `POST` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` will return the created object, and must include all of the submitted fields. Excluded optional fields will be returned as empty strings. Additionally, include `created_on` (date/time), `updated_on` (date/time), `open` (boolean, `true` for open - default value, `false` for closed), and `_id`.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        let test_data = {
          issue_title: "Faux Issue Title 2",
          issue_text: "Functional Test - Every field filled in",
          created_by: "fCC",
          assigned_to: "Chai and Mocha",
        };
        const data = await $.post(getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project", test_data);
        assert.isObject(data);
        assert.nestedInclude(data, test_data);
        assert.property(data, "created_on");
        assert.isNumber(Date.parse(data.created_on));
        assert.property(data, "updated_on");
        assert.isNumber(Date.parse(data.updated_on));
        assert.property(data, "open");
        assert.isBoolean(data.open);
        assert.isTrue(data.open);
        assert.property(data, "_id");
        assert.isNotEmpty(data._id);
        assert.property(data, "status_text");
        assert.isEmpty(data.status_text);
        } catch(err) {
          throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
        }
      }'
  - text: If you send a `POST` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` without the required fields, returned will be the error `{ error: 'required field(s) missing' }`
    testString: 'async getUserInput => {
      try {
        let test_data = {
          created_by: "fCC",
        };
        const data = await $.post(getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project", { created_by: "fCC" });
        assert.isObject(data);
        assert.property(data, "error");
        assert.equal(data.error, "required field(s) missing");
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: You can send a `GET` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` for an array of all issues for that specific `projectname`, with all the fields present for each issue.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        let test_data = {
          issue_text: "Get Issues Test",
          created_by: "fCC"
        };
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/get_issues_test_" + Date.now().toString().substring(7);
        const data1 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {issue_title: "Faux Issue 1"}));
        assert.isObject(data1);
        const data2 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {issue_title: "Faux Issue 2"}));
        assert.isObject(data2);
        const data3 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {issue_title: "Faux Issue 3"}));
        assert.isObject(data3);
        const getIssues = await $.get(url);
        assert.isArray(getIssues);
        assert.lengthOf(getIssues, 3);
        let re = new RegExp("Faux Issue \\d");
        getIssues.forEach(issue => {
          assert.property(issue, "issue_title");
          assert.match(issue.issue_title,re);
          assert.property(issue,"issue_text");
          assert.property(issue,"created_by");
          assert.property(issue,"assigned_to");
          assert.property(issue,"status_text");
          assert.property(issue,"open");
          assert.property(issue,"created_on");
          assert.property(issue,"updated_on");
          assert.property(issue,"_id");
        });
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: You can send a `GET` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` and filter the request by also passing along any field and value as a URL query (ie. `/api/issues/{project}?open=false`). You can pass one or more field/value pairs at once.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        let test_data = {
          issue_title: "To be Filtered",
          issue_text: "Filter Issues Test"
        };
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/get_issues_test_" + Date.now().toString().substring(7);
        const data1 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {created_by: "Alice", assigned_to: "Bob"}));
        const data2 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {created_by: "Alice", assigned_to: "Bob"}));
        const data3 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {created_by: "Alice", assigned_to: "Eric"}));
        const data4 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {created_by: "Carol", assigned_to: "Eric"}));
        const getSingle = await $.get(url + "?created_by=Alice");
        assert.isArray(getSingle);
        assert.lengthOf(getSingle, 3);
        const getMultiple = await $.get(url + "?created_by=Alice&assigned_to=Bob");
        assert.isArray(getMultiple);
        assert.lengthOf(getMultiple, 2);
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: You can send a `PUT` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` with an `_id` and one or more fields to update. On success, the `updated_on` field should be updated, and returned should be `{  result: 'successfully updated', '_id': _id }`. 
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        let initialData = {
          issue_title: "Issue to be Updated",
          issue_text: "Functional Test - Put target",
          created_by: "fCC"
        };
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project";
        const itemToUpdate = await $.post(url, initialData);
        const updateSucccess = await $.ajax({
          url: url, 
          type: "PUT", 
          data: { 
            "_id": itemToUpdate._id, 
            issue_text: "New Issue Text" 
          }});
        assert.isObject(updateSucccess);
        assert.deepEqual(updateSucccess, { 
          result: "successfully updated", 
          "_id": itemToUpdate._id 
        });

        const getUpdatedId = await $.get(url + "?_id=" + itemToUpdate._id);
        assert.isArray(getUpdatedId);
        assert.isObject(getUpdatedId[0]);
        assert.isAbove(Date.parse(getUpdatedId[0].updated_on), Date.parse(getUpdatedId[0].created_on));        
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: When the `PUT` request sent to `/api/issues/{projectname}` does not include an `_id`, the return value is `{ error: 'missing _id' }`.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project";
        const badUpdate = await $.ajax({url: url, type: "PUT"});
        assert.isObject(badUpdate);
        assert.property(badUpdate, "error");
        assert.equal(badUpdate.error, "missing _id");
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: When the `PUT` request sent to `/api/issues/{projectname}` does not include update fields, the return value is `{ error: 'no update field(s) sent', '_id': _id }`. On any other error, the return value is `{ error: 'could not update', '_id': _id }`.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project";
        const badUpdate = await $.ajax({
          url: url,
          type: "PUT",
          data: {"_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d"}
        });
        assert.deepEqual(badUpdate, {
          error: "no update field(s) sent",
          "_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d"
        });
      
        const badIdUpdate = await $.ajax({
          url: url,
          type: "PUT",
          data: {
            "_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d",
            issue_text: "New Issue Text" }
        });
        assert.deepEqual(badIdUpdate, {
          error: "could not update",
          "_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d"
        });
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: You can send a `DELETE` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` with an `_id` to delete an issue. If no `_id` is sent, the return value is `{ error: 'missing _id' }`. On success, the return value is `{ result: 'successfully deleted', '_id': _id }`. On failure, the return value is `{ error: 'could not delete', '_id': _id }`.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        let initialData = {
          issue_title: "Issue to be Deleted",
          issue_text: "Functional Test - Delete target",
          created_by: "fCC"
        };
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project";
        const itemToDelete = await $.post(url, initialData);
        assert.isObject(itemToDelete);
        
        const deleteSuccess = await $.ajax({url: url, type: "DELETE", data: { "_id": itemToDelete._id}});
        assert.isObject(deleteSuccess);
        assert.deepEqual(deleteSuccess, {
          "result": "successfully deleted",
          "_id": itemToDelete._id
        });
        
        const noId = await $.ajax({url: url, type: "DELETE"});
        assert.isObject(noId);
        assert.deepEqual(noId, { 
          "error": "missing _id" 
        });
        
        const badIdDelete = await $.ajax({url: url, type: "DELETE", data: {"_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d", issue_text: "New Issue Text" }});
        assert.isObject(badIdDelete);
        assert.deepEqual(badIdDelete, {
          "error": "could not delete",
          "_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d"
        });
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: All 14 functional tests are complete and passing.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        const getTests = await $.get(getUserInput("url") + "/_api/get-tests" );
        assert.isArray(getTests);
        assert.isAtLeast(getTests.length, 14, "At least 14 tests passed");
        getTests.forEach(test => {
          assert.equal(test.state, "passed", "Test in Passed State");
          assert.isAtLeast(test.assertions.length, 1, "At least one assertion per test");
        });
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

</section>

Commit message:

Move tests to /learn (#40263)
Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Randell Dawson <5313213+RandellDawson@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-projects/issue-tracker.md, after:

---
id: 587d8249367417b2b2512c42
title: Issue Tracker
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 301569
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href="https://issue-tracker.freecodecamp.rocks/" target="_blank">https://issue-tracker.freecodecamp.rocks/</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

- Clone <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-issuetracker/' target='_blank'>this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
- Use <a href="https://repl.it/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-issuetracker" target='_blank'>this repl.it starter project</a> to complete your project.
- Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

- Complete the necessary routes in `/routes/api.js`
- Create all of the functional tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`
- Copy the `sample.env` file to `.env` and set the variables appropriately
- To run the tests uncomment `NODE_ENV=test` in your `.env` file
- To run the tests in the console, use the command `npm run test`. To open the Repl.it console, press Ctrl+Shift+P (Cmd if on a Mac) and type "open shell"

Write the following tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`:

- Create an issue with every field: POST request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- Create an issue with only required fields: POST request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- Create an issue with missing required fields: POST request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- View issues on a project: GET request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- View issues on a project with one filter: GET request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- View issues on a project with multiple filters: GET request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- Update one field on an issue: PUT request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- Update multiple fields on an issue: PUT request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- Update an issue with missing `_id`: PUT request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- Update an issue with no fields to update: PUT request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- Update an issue with an invalid `_id`: PUT request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- Delete an issue: DELETE request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- Delete an issue with an invalid `_id`: DELETE request to `/api/issues/{project}`
- Delete an issue with missing `_id`: DELETE request to `/api/issues/{project}`

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: You can provide your own project, not the example URL.
    testString: "
      getUserInput => {
        assert(!/.*\\/issue-tracker\\.freecodecamp\\.rocks/.test(getUserInput('url')));
      }"
  - text: You can send a `POST` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` with form data containing the required fields `issue_title`, `issue_text`, `created_by`, and optionally `assigned_to` and `status_text`.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => {
      try {
         let test_data = {
           issue_title: "Faux Issue Title",
           issue_text: "Functional Test - Required Fields Only",
           created_by: "fCC",
         };
         const data = await $.post(getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project", test_data);
         assert.isObject(data);
         assert.nestedInclude(data, test_data);
       } catch(err) {
         throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
       }
    }'
  - text: The `POST` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` will return the created object, and must include all of the submitted fields. Excluded optional fields will be returned as empty strings. Additionally, include `created_on` (date/time), `updated_on` (date/time), `open` (boolean, `true` for open - default value, `false` for closed), and `_id`.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        let test_data = {
          issue_title: "Faux Issue Title 2",
          issue_text: "Functional Test - Every field filled in",
          created_by: "fCC",
          assigned_to: "Chai and Mocha",
        };
        const data = await $.post(getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project", test_data);
        assert.isObject(data);
        assert.nestedInclude(data, test_data);
        assert.property(data, "created_on");
        assert.isNumber(Date.parse(data.created_on));
        assert.property(data, "updated_on");
        assert.isNumber(Date.parse(data.updated_on));
        assert.property(data, "open");
        assert.isBoolean(data.open);
        assert.isTrue(data.open);
        assert.property(data, "_id");
        assert.isNotEmpty(data._id);
        assert.property(data, "status_text");
        assert.isEmpty(data.status_text);
        } catch(err) {
          throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
        }
      }'
  - text: If you send a `POST` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` without the required fields, returned will be the error `{ error: 'required field(s) missing' }`
    testString: 'async getUserInput => {
      try {
        let test_data = {
          created_by: "fCC",
        };
        const data = await $.post(getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project", { created_by: "fCC" });
        assert.isObject(data);
        assert.property(data, "error");
        assert.equal(data.error, "required field(s) missing");
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: You can send a `GET` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` for an array of all issues for that specific `projectname`, with all the fields present for each issue.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        let test_data = {
          issue_text: "Get Issues Test",
          created_by: "fCC"
        };
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/get_issues_test_" + Date.now().toString().substring(7);
        const data1 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {issue_title: "Faux Issue 1"}));
        assert.isObject(data1);
        const data2 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {issue_title: "Faux Issue 2"}));
        assert.isObject(data2);
        const data3 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {issue_title: "Faux Issue 3"}));
        assert.isObject(data3);
        const getIssues = await $.get(url);
        assert.isArray(getIssues);
        assert.lengthOf(getIssues, 3);
        let re = new RegExp("Faux Issue \\d");
        getIssues.forEach(issue => {
          assert.property(issue, "issue_title");
          assert.match(issue.issue_title,re);
          assert.property(issue,"issue_text");
          assert.property(issue,"created_by");
          assert.property(issue,"assigned_to");
          assert.property(issue,"status_text");
          assert.property(issue,"open");
          assert.property(issue,"created_on");
          assert.property(issue,"updated_on");
          assert.property(issue,"_id");
        });
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: You can send a `GET` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` and filter the request by also passing along any field and value as a URL query (ie. `/api/issues/{project}?open=false`). You can pass one or more field/value pairs at once.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        let test_data = {
          issue_title: "To be Filtered",
          issue_text: "Filter Issues Test"
        };
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/get_issues_test_" + Date.now().toString().substring(7);
        const data1 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {created_by: "Alice", assigned_to: "Bob"}));
        const data2 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {created_by: "Alice", assigned_to: "Bob"}));
        const data3 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {created_by: "Alice", assigned_to: "Eric"}));
        const data4 = await $.post(url, Object.assign(test_data, {created_by: "Carol", assigned_to: "Eric"}));
        const getSingle = await $.get(url + "?created_by=Alice");
        assert.isArray(getSingle);
        assert.lengthOf(getSingle, 3);
        const getMultiple = await $.get(url + "?created_by=Alice&assigned_to=Bob");
        assert.isArray(getMultiple);
        assert.lengthOf(getMultiple, 2);
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: You can send a `PUT` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` with an `_id` and one or more fields to update. On success, the `updated_on` field should be updated, and returned should be `{  result: 'successfully updated', '_id': _id }`. 
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        let initialData = {
          issue_title: "Issue to be Updated",
          issue_text: "Functional Test - Put target",
          created_by: "fCC"
        };
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project";
        const itemToUpdate = await $.post(url, initialData);
        const updateSucccess = await $.ajax({
          url: url, 
          type: "PUT", 
          data: { 
            "_id": itemToUpdate._id, 
            issue_text: "New Issue Text" 
          }});
        assert.isObject(updateSucccess);
        assert.deepEqual(updateSucccess, { 
          result: "successfully updated", 
          "_id": itemToUpdate._id 
        });

        const getUpdatedId = await $.get(url + "?_id=" + itemToUpdate._id);
        assert.isArray(getUpdatedId);
        assert.isObject(getUpdatedId[0]);
        assert.isAbove(Date.parse(getUpdatedId[0].updated_on), Date.parse(getUpdatedId[0].created_on));        
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: When the `PUT` request sent to `/api/issues/{projectname}` does not include an `_id`, the return value is `{ error: 'missing _id' }`.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project";
        const badUpdate = await $.ajax({url: url, type: "PUT"});
        assert.isObject(badUpdate);
        assert.property(badUpdate, "error");
        assert.equal(badUpdate.error, "missing _id");
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: When the `PUT` request sent to `/api/issues/{projectname}` does not include update fields, the return value is `{ error: 'no update field(s) sent', '_id': _id }`. On any other error, the return value is `{ error: 'could not update', '_id': _id }`.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project";
        const badUpdate = await $.ajax({
          url: url,
          type: "PUT",
          data: {"_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d"}
        });
        assert.deepEqual(badUpdate, {
          error: "no update field(s) sent",
          "_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d"
        });
      
        const badIdUpdate = await $.ajax({
          url: url,
          type: "PUT",
          data: {
            "_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d",
            issue_text: "New Issue Text" }
        });
        assert.deepEqual(badIdUpdate, {
          error: "could not update",
          "_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d"
        });
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: You can send a `DELETE` request to `/api/issues/{projectname}` with an `_id` to delete an issue. If no `_id` is sent, the return value is `{ error: 'missing _id' }`. On success, the return value is `{ result: 'successfully deleted', '_id': _id }`. On failure, the return value is `{ error: 'could not delete', '_id': _id }`.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        let initialData = {
          issue_title: "Issue to be Deleted",
          issue_text: "Functional Test - Delete target",
          created_by: "fCC"
        };
        const url = getUserInput("url") + "/api/issues/fcc-project";
        const itemToDelete = await $.post(url, initialData);
        assert.isObject(itemToDelete);
        
        const deleteSuccess = await $.ajax({url: url, type: "DELETE", data: { "_id": itemToDelete._id}});
        assert.isObject(deleteSuccess);
        assert.deepEqual(deleteSuccess, {
          "result": "successfully deleted",
          "_id": itemToDelete._id
        });
        
        const noId = await $.ajax({url: url, type: "DELETE"});
        assert.isObject(noId);
        assert.deepEqual(noId, { 
          "error": "missing _id" 
        });
        
        const badIdDelete = await $.ajax({url: url, type: "DELETE", data: {"_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d", issue_text: "New Issue Text" }});
        assert.isObject(badIdDelete);
        assert.deepEqual(badIdDelete, {
          "error": "could not delete",
          "_id": "5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d"
        });
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
  - text: All 14 functional tests are complete and passing.
    testString: 'async getUserInput => { 
      try {
        const getTests = await $.get(getUserInput("url") + "/_api/get-tests" );
        assert.isArray(getTests);
        assert.isAtLeast(getTests.length, 14, "At least 14 tests passed");
        getTests.forEach(test => {
          assert.equal(test.state, "passed", "Test in Passed State");
          assert.isAtLeast(test.assertions.length, 1, "At least one assertion per test");
        });
      } catch(err) {
        throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
      }
    }'
```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

</section>
