curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-projects/metric-imperial-converter.md, before:

---
id: 587d8249367417b2b2512c41
title: Metric-Imperial Converter
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 301570
dashedName: metric-imperial-converter
---

# --description--

Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href="https://metric-imperial-converter.freecodecamp.rocks/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://metric-imperial-converter.freecodecamp.rocks/</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

- Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-metricimpconverter/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
- Use <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-metricimpconverter" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">our Replit starter project</a> to complete your project.
- Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --instructions--

- Complete the necessary conversion logic in `/controllers/convertHandler.js`
- Complete the necessary routes in `/routes/api.js`
- Copy the `sample.env` file to `.env` and set the variables appropriately
- To run the tests uncomment `NODE_ENV=test` in your `.env` file
- To run the tests in the console, use the command `npm run test`. To open the Replit console, press Ctrl+Shift+P (Cmd if on a Mac) and type "open shell"

Write the following tests in `tests/1_unit-tests.js`:

- `convertHandler` should correctly read a whole number input.
- `convertHandler` should correctly read a decimal number input.
- `convertHandler` should correctly read a fractional input.
- `convertHandler` should correctly read a fractional input with a decimal.
- `convertHandler` should correctly return an error on a double-fraction (i.e. `3/2/3`).
- `convertHandler` should correctly default to a numerical input of `1` when no numerical input is provided.
- `convertHandler` should correctly read each valid input unit.
- `convertHandler` should correctly return an error for an invalid input unit.
- `convertHandler` should return the correct return unit for each valid input unit.
- `convertHandler` should correctly return the spelled-out string unit for each valid input unit.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `gal` to `L`.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `L` to `gal`.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `mi` to `km`.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `km` to `mi`.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `lbs` to `kg`.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `kg` to `lbs`.

Write the following tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`:

- Convert a valid input such as `10L`: `GET` request to `/api/convert`.
- Convert an invalid input such as `32g`: `GET` request to `/api/convert`.
- Convert an invalid number such as `3/7.2/4kg`: `GET` request to `/api/convert`.
- Convert an invalid number AND unit such as `3/7.2/4kilomegagram`: `GET` request to `/api/convert`.
- Convert with no number such as `kg`: `GET` request to `/api/convert`.

# --hints--

You can provide your own project, not the example URL.

```js
getUserInput => {
  assert(
    !/.*\/metric-imperial-converter\.freecodecamp\.rocks/.test(
      getUserInput('url')
    )
  );
};
```

You can `GET` `/api/convert` with a single parameter containing an accepted number and unit and have it converted. (Hint: Split the input by looking for the index of the first character which will mark the start of the unit)

```js

```

You can convert `'gal'` to `'L'` and vice versa. (1 gal to 3.78541 L)

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data1 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1gal');
    assert.equal(data1.returnNum, 3.78541);
    assert.equal(data1.returnUnit, 'L');
    const data2 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10gal');
    assert.equal(data2.returnNum, 37.8541);
    assert.equal(data2.returnUnit, 'L');
    const data3 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1l');
    assert.equal(data3.returnNum, 0.26417);
    assert.equal(data3.returnUnit, 'gal');
    const data4 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10l');
    assert.equal(data4.returnNum, 2.64172);
    assert.equal(data4.returnUnit, 'gal');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

You can convert `'lbs'` to `'kg'` and vice versa. (1 lbs to 0.453592 kg)

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data1 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1lbs');
    assert.equal(data1.returnNum, 0.45359);
    assert.equal(data1.returnUnit, 'kg');
    const data2 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10lbs');
    assert.equal(data2.returnNum, 4.53592);
    assert.equal(data2.returnUnit, 'kg');
    const data3 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1kg');
    assert.equal(data3.returnNum, 2.20462);
    assert.equal(data3.returnUnit, 'lbs');
    const data4 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10kg');
    assert.equal(data4.returnNum, 22.04624);
    assert.equal(data4.returnUnit, 'lbs');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

You can convert `'mi'` to `'km'` and vice versa. (1 mi to 1.60934 km)

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data1 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1mi');
    assert.equal(data1.returnNum, 1.60934);
    assert.equal(data1.returnUnit, 'km');
    const data2 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10mi');
    assert.equal(data2.returnNum, 16.0934);
    assert.equal(data2.returnUnit, 'km');
    const data3 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1km');
    assert.equal(data3.returnNum, 0.62137);
    assert.equal(data3.returnUnit, 'mi');
    const data4 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10km');
    assert.equal(data4.returnNum, 6.21373);
    assert.equal(data4.returnUnit, 'mi');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

All incoming units should be accepted in both upper and lower case, but should be returned in both the `initUnit` and `returnUnit` in lower case, except for liter, which should be represented as an uppercase `'L'`.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data1 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1gal');
    assert.equal(data1.initUnit, 'gal');
    assert.equal(data1.returnUnit, 'L');
    const data2 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10L');
    assert.equal(data2.initUnit, 'L');
    assert.equal(data2.returnUnit, 'gal');
    const data3 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1l');
    assert.equal(data3.initUnit, 'L');
    assert.equal(data3.returnUnit, 'gal');
    const data4 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10KM');
    assert.equal(data4.initUnit, 'km');
    assert.equal(data4.returnUnit, 'mi');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

If the unit of measurement is invalid, returned will be `'invalid unit'`.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1min');
    assert(data.error === 'invalid unit' || data === 'invalid unit');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

If the number is invalid, returned will be `'invalid number'`.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data = await $.get(
      getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1//2gal'
    );
    assert(data.error === 'invalid number' || data === 'invalid number');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

If both the unit and number are invalid, returned will be `'invalid number and unit'`.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data = await $.get(
      getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1//2min'
    );
    assert(
      data.error === 'invalid number and unit' ||
        data === 'invalid number and unit'
    );
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

You can use fractions, decimals or both in the parameter (ie. 5, 1/2, 2.5/6), but if nothing is provided it will default to 1.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data1 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=mi');
    assert.approximately(data1.initNum, 1, 0.001);
    assert.approximately(data1.returnNum, 1.60934, 0.001);
    assert.equal(data1.returnUnit, 'km');
    const data2 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1/5mi');
    assert.approximately(data2.initNum, 1 / 5, 0.1);
    assert.approximately(data2.returnNum, 0.32187, 0.001);
    assert.equal(data2.returnUnit, 'km');
    const data3 = await $.get(
      getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1.5/7km'
    );
    assert.approximately(data3.initNum, 1.5 / 7, 0.001);
    assert.approximately(data3.returnNum, 0.13315, 0.001);
    assert.equal(data3.returnUnit, 'mi');
    const data4 = await $.get(
      getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=3/2.7km'
    );
    assert.approximately(data4.initNum, 3 / 2.7, 0.001);
    assert.approximately(data4.returnNum, 0.69041, 0.001);
    assert.equal(data4.returnUnit, 'mi');
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

Your return will consist of the `initNum`, `initUnit`, `returnNum`, `returnUnit`, and `string` spelling out units in the format `'{initNum} {initUnitString} converts to {returnNum} {returnUnitString}'` with the result rounded to 5 decimals.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=2mi');
    assert.equal(data.initNum, 2);
    assert.equal(data.initUnit, 'mi');
    assert.approximately(data.returnNum, 3.21868, 0.001);
    assert.equal(data.returnUnit, 'km', 'returnUnit did not match');
    assert.equal(data.string, '2 miles converts to 3.21868 kilometers');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

All 16 unit tests are complete and passing.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const getTests = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests');
    assert.isArray(getTests);
    const unitTests = getTests.filter(test => {
      return !!test.context.match(/Unit Tests/gi);
    });
    assert.isAtLeast(unitTests.length, 16, 'At least 16 tests passed');
    unitTests.forEach(test => {
      assert.equal(test.state, 'passed', 'Tests in Passed State');
      assert.isAtLeast(
        test.assertions.length,
        1,
        'At least one assertion per test'
      );
    });
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

All 5 functional tests are complete and passing.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const getTests = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests');
    assert.isArray(getTests);
    const functTests = getTests.filter(test => {
      return !!test.context.match(/Functional Tests/gi);
    });
    assert.isAtLeast(functTests.length, 5, 'At least 5 tests passed');
    functTests.forEach(test => {
      assert.equal(test.state, 'passed', 'Tests in Passed State');
      assert.isAtLeast(
        test.assertions.length,
        1,
        'At least one assertion per test'
      );
    });
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat: add instructions to import in replit (#48374)
Closes https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/48274

curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-projects/metric-imperial-converter.md, after:

---
id: 587d8249367417b2b2512c41
title: Metric-Imperial Converter
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 301570
dashedName: metric-imperial-converter
---

# --description--

Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href="https://metric-imperial-converter.freecodecamp.rocks/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://metric-imperial-converter.freecodecamp.rocks/</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

- Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-metricimpconverter/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
- Use <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-metricimpconverter" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">our Replit starter project</a> to complete your project.
- Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

If you use Replit, follow these steps to set up the project:

-   Start by importing the project on Replit. 
-   Next, you will see a `.replit` window. 
-   Select `Use run command` and click the `Done` button. 

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --instructions--

- Complete the necessary conversion logic in `/controllers/convertHandler.js`
- Complete the necessary routes in `/routes/api.js`
- Copy the `sample.env` file to `.env` and set the variables appropriately
- To run the tests uncomment `NODE_ENV=test` in your `.env` file
- To run the tests in the console, use the command `npm run test`. To open the Replit console, press Ctrl+Shift+P (Cmd if on a Mac) and type "open shell"

Write the following tests in `tests/1_unit-tests.js`:

- `convertHandler` should correctly read a whole number input.
- `convertHandler` should correctly read a decimal number input.
- `convertHandler` should correctly read a fractional input.
- `convertHandler` should correctly read a fractional input with a decimal.
- `convertHandler` should correctly return an error on a double-fraction (i.e. `3/2/3`).
- `convertHandler` should correctly default to a numerical input of `1` when no numerical input is provided.
- `convertHandler` should correctly read each valid input unit.
- `convertHandler` should correctly return an error for an invalid input unit.
- `convertHandler` should return the correct return unit for each valid input unit.
- `convertHandler` should correctly return the spelled-out string unit for each valid input unit.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `gal` to `L`.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `L` to `gal`.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `mi` to `km`.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `km` to `mi`.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `lbs` to `kg`.
- `convertHandler` should correctly convert `kg` to `lbs`.

Write the following tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`:

- Convert a valid input such as `10L`: `GET` request to `/api/convert`.
- Convert an invalid input such as `32g`: `GET` request to `/api/convert`.
- Convert an invalid number such as `3/7.2/4kg`: `GET` request to `/api/convert`.
- Convert an invalid number AND unit such as `3/7.2/4kilomegagram`: `GET` request to `/api/convert`.
- Convert with no number such as `kg`: `GET` request to `/api/convert`.

# --hints--

You can provide your own project, not the example URL.

```js
getUserInput => {
  assert(
    !/.*\/metric-imperial-converter\.freecodecamp\.rocks/.test(
      getUserInput('url')
    )
  );
};
```

You can `GET` `/api/convert` with a single parameter containing an accepted number and unit and have it converted. (Hint: Split the input by looking for the index of the first character which will mark the start of the unit)

```js

```

You can convert `'gal'` to `'L'` and vice versa. (1 gal to 3.78541 L)

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data1 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1gal');
    assert.equal(data1.returnNum, 3.78541);
    assert.equal(data1.returnUnit, 'L');
    const data2 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10gal');
    assert.equal(data2.returnNum, 37.8541);
    assert.equal(data2.returnUnit, 'L');
    const data3 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1l');
    assert.equal(data3.returnNum, 0.26417);
    assert.equal(data3.returnUnit, 'gal');
    const data4 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10l');
    assert.equal(data4.returnNum, 2.64172);
    assert.equal(data4.returnUnit, 'gal');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

You can convert `'lbs'` to `'kg'` and vice versa. (1 lbs to 0.453592 kg)

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data1 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1lbs');
    assert.equal(data1.returnNum, 0.45359);
    assert.equal(data1.returnUnit, 'kg');
    const data2 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10lbs');
    assert.equal(data2.returnNum, 4.53592);
    assert.equal(data2.returnUnit, 'kg');
    const data3 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1kg');
    assert.equal(data3.returnNum, 2.20462);
    assert.equal(data3.returnUnit, 'lbs');
    const data4 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10kg');
    assert.equal(data4.returnNum, 22.04624);
    assert.equal(data4.returnUnit, 'lbs');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

You can convert `'mi'` to `'km'` and vice versa. (1 mi to 1.60934 km)

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data1 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1mi');
    assert.equal(data1.returnNum, 1.60934);
    assert.equal(data1.returnUnit, 'km');
    const data2 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10mi');
    assert.equal(data2.returnNum, 16.0934);
    assert.equal(data2.returnUnit, 'km');
    const data3 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1km');
    assert.equal(data3.returnNum, 0.62137);
    assert.equal(data3.returnUnit, 'mi');
    const data4 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10km');
    assert.equal(data4.returnNum, 6.21373);
    assert.equal(data4.returnUnit, 'mi');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

All incoming units should be accepted in both upper and lower case, but should be returned in both the `initUnit` and `returnUnit` in lower case, except for liter, which should be represented as an uppercase `'L'`.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data1 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1gal');
    assert.equal(data1.initUnit, 'gal');
    assert.equal(data1.returnUnit, 'L');
    const data2 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10L');
    assert.equal(data2.initUnit, 'L');
    assert.equal(data2.returnUnit, 'gal');
    const data3 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1l');
    assert.equal(data3.initUnit, 'L');
    assert.equal(data3.returnUnit, 'gal');
    const data4 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=10KM');
    assert.equal(data4.initUnit, 'km');
    assert.equal(data4.returnUnit, 'mi');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

If the unit of measurement is invalid, returned will be `'invalid unit'`.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1min');
    assert(data.error === 'invalid unit' || data === 'invalid unit');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

If the number is invalid, returned will be `'invalid number'`.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data = await $.get(
      getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1//2gal'
    );
    assert(data.error === 'invalid number' || data === 'invalid number');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

If both the unit and number are invalid, returned will be `'invalid number and unit'`.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data = await $.get(
      getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1//2min'
    );
    assert(
      data.error === 'invalid number and unit' ||
        data === 'invalid number and unit'
    );
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

You can use fractions, decimals or both in the parameter (ie. 5, 1/2, 2.5/6), but if nothing is provided it will default to 1.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data1 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=mi');
    assert.approximately(data1.initNum, 1, 0.001);
    assert.approximately(data1.returnNum, 1.60934, 0.001);
    assert.equal(data1.returnUnit, 'km');
    const data2 = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1/5mi');
    assert.approximately(data2.initNum, 1 / 5, 0.1);
    assert.approximately(data2.returnNum, 0.32187, 0.001);
    assert.equal(data2.returnUnit, 'km');
    const data3 = await $.get(
      getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=1.5/7km'
    );
    assert.approximately(data3.initNum, 1.5 / 7, 0.001);
    assert.approximately(data3.returnNum, 0.13315, 0.001);
    assert.equal(data3.returnUnit, 'mi');
    const data4 = await $.get(
      getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=3/2.7km'
    );
    assert.approximately(data4.initNum, 3 / 2.7, 0.001);
    assert.approximately(data4.returnNum, 0.69041, 0.001);
    assert.equal(data4.returnUnit, 'mi');
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

Your return will consist of the `initNum`, `initUnit`, `returnNum`, `returnUnit`, and `string` spelling out units in the format `'{initNum} {initUnitString} converts to {returnNum} {returnUnitString}'` with the result rounded to 5 decimals.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const data = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/api/convert?input=2mi');
    assert.equal(data.initNum, 2);
    assert.equal(data.initUnit, 'mi');
    assert.approximately(data.returnNum, 3.21868, 0.001);
    assert.equal(data.returnUnit, 'km', 'returnUnit did not match');
    assert.equal(data.string, '2 miles converts to 3.21868 kilometers');
  } catch (xhr) {
    throw new Error(xhr.responseText || xhr.message);
  }
};
```

All 16 unit tests are complete and passing.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const getTests = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests');
    assert.isArray(getTests);
    const unitTests = getTests.filter(test => {
      return !!test.context.match(/Unit Tests/gi);
    });
    assert.isAtLeast(unitTests.length, 16, 'At least 16 tests passed');
    unitTests.forEach(test => {
      assert.equal(test.state, 'passed', 'Tests in Passed State');
      assert.isAtLeast(
        test.assertions.length,
        1,
        'At least one assertion per test'
      );
    });
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

All 5 functional tests are complete and passing.

```js
async getUserInput => {
  try {
    const getTests = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests');
    assert.isArray(getTests);
    const functTests = getTests.filter(test => {
      return !!test.context.match(/Functional Tests/gi);
    });
    assert.isAtLeast(functTests.length, 5, 'At least 5 tests passed');
    functTests.forEach(test => {
      assert.equal(test.state, 'passed', 'Tests in Passed State');
      assert.isAtLeast(
        test.assertions.length,
        1,
        'At least one assertion per test'
      );
    });
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
