curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-projects/personal-library.md, before:

---
id: 587d824a367417b2b2512c43
title: Personal Library
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 301571
dashedName: personal-library
---

# --description--

Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href="https://personal-library.freecodecamp.rocks/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://personal-library.freecodecamp.rocks/</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

-   Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-library" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
-   Use <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-library" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">our Replit starter project</a> to complete your project.
-   Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --instructions--

1.  Add your MongoDB connection string to `.env` without quotes as `DB`
    Example: `DB=mongodb://admin:pass@1234.mlab.com:1234/fccpersonallib`
2.  In your `.env` file set `NODE_ENV` to `test`, without quotes
3.  You need to create all routes within `routes/api.js`
4.  You will create all functional tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`

# --hints--

You can provide your own project, not the example URL.

```js
(getUserInput) => {
  assert(
    !/.*\/personal-library\.freecodecamp\.rocks/.test(getUserInput('url'))
  );
};
```

You can send a <b>POST</b> request to `/api/books` with `title` as part of the form data to add a book.  The returned response will be an object with the `title` and a unique `_id` as keys.  If `title` is not included in the request, the returned response should be the string `missing required field title`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    let data1 = await $.post(getUserInput('url') + '/api/books', {
      title: 'Faux Book 1'
    });
    assert.isObject(data1);
    assert.property(data1, 'title');
    assert.equal(data1.title, 'Faux Book 1');
    assert.property(data1, '_id');
    let data2 = await $.post(getUserInput('url') + '/api/books');
    assert.isString(data2);
    assert.equal(data2, 'missing required field title');
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

You can send a <b>GET</b> request to `/api/books` and receive a JSON response representing all the books. The JSON response will be an array of objects with each object (book) containing `title`, `_id`, and `commentcount` properties.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    let url = getUserInput('url') + '/api/books';
    let a = $.post(url, { title: 'Faux Book A' });
    let b = $.post(url, { title: 'Faux Book B' });
    let c = $.post(url, { title: 'Faux Book C' });
    await Promise.all([a, b, c]).then(async () => {
      let data = await $.get(url);
      assert.isArray(data);
      assert.isAtLeast(data.length, 3);
      data.forEach((book) => {
        assert.isObject(book);
        assert.property(book, 'title');
        assert.isString(book.title);
        assert.property(book, '_id');
        assert.property(book, 'commentcount');
        assert.isNumber(book.commentcount);
      });
    });
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

You can send a <b>GET</b> request to `/api/books/{_id}` to retrieve a single object of a book containing the properties `title`, `_id`, and a `comments` array (empty array if no comments present). If no book is found, return the string `no book exists`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    let url = getUserInput('url') + '/api/books';
    let noBook = await $.get(url + '/5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d');
    assert.isString(noBook);
    assert.equal(noBook, 'no book exists');
    let sampleBook = await $.post(url, { title: 'Faux Book Alpha' });
    assert.isObject(sampleBook);
    let bookId = sampleBook._id;
    let bookQuery = await $.get(url + '/' + bookId);
    assert.isObject(bookQuery);
    assert.property(bookQuery, 'title');
    assert.equal(bookQuery.title, 'Faux Book Alpha');
    assert.property(bookQuery, 'comments');
    assert.isArray(bookQuery.comments);
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

You can send a <b>POST</b> request containing `comment` as the form body data to `/api/books/{_id}` to add a comment to a book. The returned response will be the books object similar to <b>GET</b> `/api/books/{_id}` request in an earlier test. If `comment` is not included in the request, return the string `missing required field comment`. If no book is found, return the string `no book exists`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    let url = getUserInput('url') + '/api/books';
    let commentTarget = await $.post(url, { title: 'Notable Book' });
    assert.isObject(commentTarget);
    let bookId = commentTarget._id;
    let bookCom1 = await $.post(url + '/' + bookId, {
      comment: 'This book is fab!'
    });
    let bookCom2 = await $.post(url + '/' + bookId, {
      comment: 'I did not care for it'
    });
    assert.isObject(bookCom2);
    assert.property(bookCom2, '_id');
    assert.property(bookCom2, 'title');
    assert.property(bookCom2, 'comments');
    assert.lengthOf(bookCom2.comments, 2);
    bookCom2.comments.forEach((comment) => {
      assert.isString(comment);
      assert.oneOf(comment, ['This book is fab!', 'I did not care for it']);
    });
    let commentErr = await $.post(url + '/' + bookId);
    assert.isString(commentErr);
    assert.equal(commentErr, 'missing required field comment');
    let failingComment = await $.post(url + '/5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d', {
      comment: 'Never Seen Comment'
    });
    assert.isString(failingComment);
    assert.equal(failingComment, 'no book exists');
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

You can send a <b>DELETE</b> request to `/api/books/{_id}` to delete a book from the collection. The returned response will be the string `delete successful` if successful. If no book is found, return the string `no book exists`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    let url = getUserInput('url') + '/api/books';
    let deleteTarget = await $.post(url, { title: 'Deletable Book' });
    assert.isObject(deleteTarget);
    let bookId = deleteTarget._id;
    let doDelete = await $.ajax({ url: url + '/' + bookId, type: 'DELETE' });
    assert.isString(doDelete);
    assert.equal(doDelete, 'delete successful');
    let failingDelete = await $.ajax({
      url: url + '/5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d',
      type: 'DELETE'
    });
    assert.isString(failingDelete);
    assert.equal(failingDelete, 'no book exists');
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

You can send a <b>DELETE</b> request to `/api/books` to delete all books in the database. The returned response will be the string `complete delete successful` if successful.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    const deleteAll = await $.ajax({
      url: getUserInput('url') + '/api/books',
      type: 'DELETE'
    });
    assert.isString(deleteAll);
    assert.equal(deleteAll, 'complete delete successful');
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

All 10 functional tests required are complete and passing.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    const getTests = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests');
    assert.isArray(getTests);
    assert.isAtLeast(getTests.length, 10, 'At least 10 tests passed');
    getTests.forEach((test) => {
      assert.equal(test.state, 'passed', 'Test in Passed State');
      assert.isAtLeast(
        test.assertions.length,
        1,
        'At least one assertion per test'
      );
    });
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions,
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project.
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat: add instructions to import in replit (#48374)
Closes https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/48274

curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/quality-assurance-projects/personal-library.md, after:

---
id: 587d824a367417b2b2512c43
title: Personal Library
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 301571
dashedName: personal-library
---

# --description--

Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <a href="https://personal-library.freecodecamp.rocks/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://personal-library.freecodecamp.rocks/</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

-   Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-library" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
-   Use <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-library" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">our Replit starter project</a> to complete your project.
-   Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

If you use Replit, follow these steps to set up the project:

-   Start by importing the project on Replit. 
-   Next, you will see a `.replit` window. 
-   Select `Use run command` and click the `Done` button. 

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --instructions--

1.  Add your MongoDB connection string to `.env` without quotes as `DB`
    Example: `DB=mongodb://admin:pass@1234.mlab.com:1234/fccpersonallib`
2.  In your `.env` file set `NODE_ENV` to `test`, without quotes
3.  You need to create all routes within `routes/api.js`
4.  You will create all functional tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`

# --hints--

You can provide your own project, not the example URL.

```js
(getUserInput) => {
  assert(
    !/.*\/personal-library\.freecodecamp\.rocks/.test(getUserInput('url'))
  );
};
```

You can send a <b>POST</b> request to `/api/books` with `title` as part of the form data to add a book.  The returned response will be an object with the `title` and a unique `_id` as keys.  If `title` is not included in the request, the returned response should be the string `missing required field title`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    let data1 = await $.post(getUserInput('url') + '/api/books', {
      title: 'Faux Book 1'
    });
    assert.isObject(data1);
    assert.property(data1, 'title');
    assert.equal(data1.title, 'Faux Book 1');
    assert.property(data1, '_id');
    let data2 = await $.post(getUserInput('url') + '/api/books');
    assert.isString(data2);
    assert.equal(data2, 'missing required field title');
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

You can send a <b>GET</b> request to `/api/books` and receive a JSON response representing all the books. The JSON response will be an array of objects with each object (book) containing `title`, `_id`, and `commentcount` properties.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    let url = getUserInput('url') + '/api/books';
    let a = $.post(url, { title: 'Faux Book A' });
    let b = $.post(url, { title: 'Faux Book B' });
    let c = $.post(url, { title: 'Faux Book C' });
    await Promise.all([a, b, c]).then(async () => {
      let data = await $.get(url);
      assert.isArray(data);
      assert.isAtLeast(data.length, 3);
      data.forEach((book) => {
        assert.isObject(book);
        assert.property(book, 'title');
        assert.isString(book.title);
        assert.property(book, '_id');
        assert.property(book, 'commentcount');
        assert.isNumber(book.commentcount);
      });
    });
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

You can send a <b>GET</b> request to `/api/books/{_id}` to retrieve a single object of a book containing the properties `title`, `_id`, and a `comments` array (empty array if no comments present). If no book is found, return the string `no book exists`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    let url = getUserInput('url') + '/api/books';
    let noBook = await $.get(url + '/5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d');
    assert.isString(noBook);
    assert.equal(noBook, 'no book exists');
    let sampleBook = await $.post(url, { title: 'Faux Book Alpha' });
    assert.isObject(sampleBook);
    let bookId = sampleBook._id;
    let bookQuery = await $.get(url + '/' + bookId);
    assert.isObject(bookQuery);
    assert.property(bookQuery, 'title');
    assert.equal(bookQuery.title, 'Faux Book Alpha');
    assert.property(bookQuery, 'comments');
    assert.isArray(bookQuery.comments);
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

You can send a <b>POST</b> request containing `comment` as the form body data to `/api/books/{_id}` to add a comment to a book. The returned response will be the books object similar to <b>GET</b> `/api/books/{_id}` request in an earlier test. If `comment` is not included in the request, return the string `missing required field comment`. If no book is found, return the string `no book exists`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    let url = getUserInput('url') + '/api/books';
    let commentTarget = await $.post(url, { title: 'Notable Book' });
    assert.isObject(commentTarget);
    let bookId = commentTarget._id;
    let bookCom1 = await $.post(url + '/' + bookId, {
      comment: 'This book is fab!'
    });
    let bookCom2 = await $.post(url + '/' + bookId, {
      comment: 'I did not care for it'
    });
    assert.isObject(bookCom2);
    assert.property(bookCom2, '_id');
    assert.property(bookCom2, 'title');
    assert.property(bookCom2, 'comments');
    assert.lengthOf(bookCom2.comments, 2);
    bookCom2.comments.forEach((comment) => {
      assert.isString(comment);
      assert.oneOf(comment, ['This book is fab!', 'I did not care for it']);
    });
    let commentErr = await $.post(url + '/' + bookId);
    assert.isString(commentErr);
    assert.equal(commentErr, 'missing required field comment');
    let failingComment = await $.post(url + '/5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d', {
      comment: 'Never Seen Comment'
    });
    assert.isString(failingComment);
    assert.equal(failingComment, 'no book exists');
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

You can send a <b>DELETE</b> request to `/api/books/{_id}` to delete a book from the collection. The returned response will be the string `delete successful` if successful. If no book is found, return the string `no book exists`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    let url = getUserInput('url') + '/api/books';
    let deleteTarget = await $.post(url, { title: 'Deletable Book' });
    assert.isObject(deleteTarget);
    let bookId = deleteTarget._id;
    let doDelete = await $.ajax({ url: url + '/' + bookId, type: 'DELETE' });
    assert.isString(doDelete);
    assert.equal(doDelete, 'delete successful');
    let failingDelete = await $.ajax({
      url: url + '/5f665eb46e296f6b9b6a504d',
      type: 'DELETE'
    });
    assert.isString(failingDelete);
    assert.equal(failingDelete, 'no book exists');
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

You can send a <b>DELETE</b> request to `/api/books` to delete all books in the database. The returned response will be the string `complete delete successful` if successful.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    const deleteAll = await $.ajax({
      url: getUserInput('url') + '/api/books',
      type: 'DELETE'
    });
    assert.isString(deleteAll);
    assert.equal(deleteAll, 'complete delete successful');
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

All 10 functional tests required are complete and passing.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  try {
    const getTests = await $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests');
    assert.isArray(getTests);
    assert.isAtLeast(getTests.length, 10, 'At least 10 tests passed');
    getTests.forEach((test) => {
      assert.equal(test.state, 'passed', 'Test in Passed State');
      assert.isAtLeast(
        test.assertions.length,
        1,
        'At least one assertion per test'
      );
    });
  } catch (err) {
    throw new Error(err.responseText || err.message);
  }
};
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions,
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project.
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
