curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/bootstrap/line-up-form-elements-responsively-with-bootstrap.english.md, before:

---
id: bad87fee1348bd9aec908845
title: Line up Form Elements Responsively with Bootstrap
required:
  - link: 'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/4.2.0/css/font-awesome.css'
    raw: true
challengeType: 0
forumTopicId: 18225
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
Now let's get your form <code>input</code> and your submission <code>button</code> on the same line. We'll do this the same way we have previously: by using a <code>div</code> element with the class <code>row</code>, and other <code>div</code> elements within it using the <code>col-xs-*</code> class.
Nest both your form's text <code>input</code> and submit <code>button</code> within a <code>div</code> with the class <code>row</code>. Nest your form's text <code>input</code> within a div with the class of <code>col-xs-7</code>. Nest your form's submit <code>button</code> in a <code>div</code> with the class <code>col-xs-5</code>.
This is the last challenge we'll do for our Cat Photo App for now. We hope you've enjoyed learning Font Awesome, Bootstrap, and responsive design!
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: Nest your form submission button and text input in a div with class <code>row</code>.
    testString: assert($("div.row:has(input[type=\"text\"])").length > 0 &&  $("div.row:has(button[type=\"submit\"])").length > 0);
  - text: Nest your form text input in a div with the class <code>col-xs-7</code>.
    testString: assert($("div.col-xs-7:has(input[type=\"text\"])").length > 0);
  - text: Nest your form submission button in a div with the class <code>col-xs-5</code>.
    testString: assert($("div.col-xs-5:has(button[type=\"submit\"])").length > 0);
  - text: Make sure each of your <code>div</code> elements has a closing tag.
    testString: assert(code.match(/<\/div>/g) && code.match(/<div/g) && code.match(/<\/div>/g).length === code.match(/<div/g).length);

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='html-seed'>

```html
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Lobster" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style>
  h2 {
    font-family: Lobster, Monospace;
  }

  .thick-green-border {
    border-color: green;
    border-width: 10px;
    border-style: solid;
    border-radius: 50%;
  }

</style>

<div class="container-fluid">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-8">
      <h2 class="text-primary text-center">CatPhotoApp</h2>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <a href="#"><img class="img-responsive thick-green-border" src="https://bit.ly/fcc-relaxing-cat" alt="A cute orange cat lying on its back."></a>
    </div>
  </div>
  <img src="https://bit.ly/fcc-running-cats" class="img-responsive" alt="Three kittens running towards the camera.">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-primary"><i class="fa fa-thumbs-up"></i> Like</button>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-info"><i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> Info</button>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-danger"><i class="fa fa-trash"></i> Delete</button>
    </div>
  </div>
  <p>Things cats <span class="text-danger">love:</span></p>
  <ul>
    <li>cat nip</li>
    <li>laser pointers</li>
    <li>lasagna</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Top 3 things cats hate:</p>
  <ol>
    <li>flea treatment</li>
    <li>thunder</li>
    <li>other cats</li>
  </ol>
  <form action="/submit-cat-photo">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-6">
        <label><input type="radio" name="indoor-outdoor"> Indoor</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-6">
        <label><input type="radio" name="indoor-outdoor"> Outdoor</label>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Loving</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Lazy</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Crazy</label>
      </div>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="cat photo URL" required>
    <button type="submit" class="btn btn-primary"><i class="fa fa-paper-plane"></i> Submit</button>
  </form>
</div>
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```html
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Lobster" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style>
  h2 {
    font-family: Lobster, Monospace;
  }

  .thick-green-border {
    border-color: green;
    border-width: 10px;
    border-style: solid;
    border-radius: 50%;
  }

</style>

<div class="container-fluid">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-8">
      <h2 class="text-primary text-center">CatPhotoApp</h2>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <a href="#"><img class="img-responsive thick-green-border" src="https://bit.ly/fcc-relaxing-cat" alt="A cute orange cat lying on its back."></a>
    </div>
  </div>
  <img src="https://bit.ly/fcc-running-cats" class="img-responsive" alt="Three kittens running towards the camera.">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-primary"><i class="fa fa-thumbs-up"></i> Like</button>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-info"><i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> Info</button>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-danger"><i class="fa fa-trash"></i> Delete</button>
    </div>
  </div>
  <p>Things cats <span class="text-danger">love:</span></p>
  <ul>
    <li>cat nip</li>
    <li>laser pointers</li>
    <li>lasagna</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Top 3 things cats hate:</p>
  <ol>
    <li>flea treatment</li>
    <li>thunder</li>
    <li>other cats</li>
  </ol>
  <form action="/submit-cat-photo">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-6">
        <label><input type="radio" name="indoor-outdoor"> Indoor</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-6">
        <label><input type="radio" name="indoor-outdoor"> Outdoor</label>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Loving</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Lazy</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Crazy</label>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-7">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="cat photo URL" required>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-5">
        <button type="submit" class="btn btn-primary"><i class="fa fa-paper-plane"></i> Submit</button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </form>
</div>
```

</section>

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): changed test text to use should for Front End Libraries (#37762)
Co-Authored-By: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/bootstrap/line-up-form-elements-responsively-with-bootstrap.english.md, after:

---
id: bad87fee1348bd9aec908845
title: Line up Form Elements Responsively with Bootstrap
required:
  - link: 'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/4.2.0/css/font-awesome.css'
    raw: true
challengeType: 0
forumTopicId: 18225
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
Now let's get your form <code>input</code> and your submission <code>button</code> on the same line. We'll do this the same way we have previously: by using a <code>div</code> element with the class <code>row</code>, and other <code>div</code> elements within it using the <code>col-xs-*</code> class.
Nest both your form's text <code>input</code> and submit <code>button</code> within a <code>div</code> with the class <code>row</code>. Nest your form's text <code>input</code> within a div with the class of <code>col-xs-7</code>. Nest your form's submit <code>button</code> in a <code>div</code> with the class <code>col-xs-5</code>.
This is the last challenge we'll do for our Cat Photo App for now. We hope you've enjoyed learning Font Awesome, Bootstrap, and responsive design!
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: Your form submission button and text input should be nested in a div with class <code>row</code>.
    testString: assert($("div.row:has(input[type=\"text\"])").length > 0 &&  $("div.row:has(button[type=\"submit\"])").length > 0);
  - text: Your form text input should be nested in a div with the class <code>col-xs-7</code>.
    testString: assert($("div.col-xs-7:has(input[type=\"text\"])").length > 0);
  - text: Your form submission button should be nested in a div with the class <code>col-xs-5</code>.
    testString: assert($("div.col-xs-5:has(button[type=\"submit\"])").length > 0);
  - text: All of your <code>div</code> elements should have closing tags.
    testString: assert(code.match(/<\/div>/g) && code.match(/<div/g) && code.match(/<\/div>/g).length === code.match(/<div/g).length);

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='html-seed'>

```html
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Lobster" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style>
  h2 {
    font-family: Lobster, Monospace;
  }

  .thick-green-border {
    border-color: green;
    border-width: 10px;
    border-style: solid;
    border-radius: 50%;
  }

</style>

<div class="container-fluid">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-8">
      <h2 class="text-primary text-center">CatPhotoApp</h2>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <a href="#"><img class="img-responsive thick-green-border" src="https://bit.ly/fcc-relaxing-cat" alt="A cute orange cat lying on its back."></a>
    </div>
  </div>
  <img src="https://bit.ly/fcc-running-cats" class="img-responsive" alt="Three kittens running towards the camera.">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-primary"><i class="fa fa-thumbs-up"></i> Like</button>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-info"><i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> Info</button>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-danger"><i class="fa fa-trash"></i> Delete</button>
    </div>
  </div>
  <p>Things cats <span class="text-danger">love:</span></p>
  <ul>
    <li>cat nip</li>
    <li>laser pointers</li>
    <li>lasagna</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Top 3 things cats hate:</p>
  <ol>
    <li>flea treatment</li>
    <li>thunder</li>
    <li>other cats</li>
  </ol>
  <form action="/submit-cat-photo">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-6">
        <label><input type="radio" name="indoor-outdoor"> Indoor</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-6">
        <label><input type="radio" name="indoor-outdoor"> Outdoor</label>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Loving</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Lazy</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Crazy</label>
      </div>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="cat photo URL" required>
    <button type="submit" class="btn btn-primary"><i class="fa fa-paper-plane"></i> Submit</button>
  </form>
</div>
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```html
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Lobster" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<style>
  h2 {
    font-family: Lobster, Monospace;
  }

  .thick-green-border {
    border-color: green;
    border-width: 10px;
    border-style: solid;
    border-radius: 50%;
  }

</style>

<div class="container-fluid">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-8">
      <h2 class="text-primary text-center">CatPhotoApp</h2>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <a href="#"><img class="img-responsive thick-green-border" src="https://bit.ly/fcc-relaxing-cat" alt="A cute orange cat lying on its back."></a>
    </div>
  </div>
  <img src="https://bit.ly/fcc-running-cats" class="img-responsive" alt="Three kittens running towards the camera.">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-primary"><i class="fa fa-thumbs-up"></i> Like</button>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-info"><i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i> Info</button>
    </div>
    <div class="col-xs-4">
      <button class="btn btn-block btn-danger"><i class="fa fa-trash"></i> Delete</button>
    </div>
  </div>
  <p>Things cats <span class="text-danger">love:</span></p>
  <ul>
    <li>cat nip</li>
    <li>laser pointers</li>
    <li>lasagna</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Top 3 things cats hate:</p>
  <ol>
    <li>flea treatment</li>
    <li>thunder</li>
    <li>other cats</li>
  </ol>
  <form action="/submit-cat-photo">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-6">
        <label><input type="radio" name="indoor-outdoor"> Indoor</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-6">
        <label><input type="radio" name="indoor-outdoor"> Outdoor</label>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Loving</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Lazy</label>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-4">
        <label><input type="checkbox" name="personality"> Crazy</label>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-xs-7">
        <input type="text" class="form-control" placeholder="cat photo URL" required>
      </div>
      <div class="col-xs-5">
        <button type="submit" class="btn btn-primary"><i class="fa fa-paper-plane"></i> Submit</button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </form>
</div>
```

</section>
