curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/regular-expressions/remove-whitespace-from-start-and-end.md, before:

---
id: 587d7dbb367417b2b2512bac
title: Remove Whitespace from Start and End
challengeType: 1
forumTopicId: 301362
---

# --description--

Sometimes whitespace characters around strings are not wanted but are there. Typical processing of strings is to remove the whitespace at the start and end of it.

# --instructions--

Write a regex and use the appropriate string methods to remove whitespace at the beginning and end of strings.

**Note:** The `String.prototype.trim()` method would work here, but you'll need to complete this challenge using regular expressions.

# --hints--

`result` should equal to `"Hello, World!"`

```js
assert(result == 'Hello, World!');
```

Your solution should not use the `String.prototype.trim()` method.

```js
assert(!code.match(/\.?[\s\S]*?trim/));
```

The `result` variable should not be set equal to a string.

```js
assert(!code.match(/result\s*=\s*".*?"/));
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
let hello = "   Hello, World!  ";
let wsRegex = /change/; // Change this line
let result = hello; // Change this line
```

# --solutions--

```js
let hello = "   Hello, World!  ";
let wsRegex = /^(\s+)(.+[^\s])(\s+)$/;
let result = hello.replace(wsRegex, '$2');
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/regular-expressions/remove-whitespace-from-start-and-end.md, after:

---
id: 587d7dbb367417b2b2512bac
title: Remove Whitespace from Start and End
challengeType: 1
forumTopicId: 301362
dashedName: remove-whitespace-from-start-and-end
---

# --description--

Sometimes whitespace characters around strings are not wanted but are there. Typical processing of strings is to remove the whitespace at the start and end of it.

# --instructions--

Write a regex and use the appropriate string methods to remove whitespace at the beginning and end of strings.

**Note:** The `String.prototype.trim()` method would work here, but you'll need to complete this challenge using regular expressions.

# --hints--

`result` should equal to `"Hello, World!"`

```js
assert(result == 'Hello, World!');
```

Your solution should not use the `String.prototype.trim()` method.

```js
assert(!code.match(/\.?[\s\S]*?trim/));
```

The `result` variable should not be set equal to a string.

```js
assert(!code.match(/result\s*=\s*".*?"/));
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
let hello = "   Hello, World!  ";
let wsRegex = /change/; // Change this line
let result = hello; // Change this line
```

# --solutions--

```js
let hello = "   Hello, World!  ";
let wsRegex = /^(\s+)(.+[^\s])(\s+)$/;
let result = hello.replace(wsRegex, '$2');
```
