curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/take-home-projects/build-an-image-search-abstraction-layer.md, before:

---
id: bd7158d8c443edefaeb5bdee
title: Build an Image Search Abstraction Layer
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 302361
dashedName: build-an-image-search-abstraction-layer
---

# --description--

Build a full stack JavaScript app that allows you to search for images like this: <https://image-search-abstraction-layer.freecodecamp.rocks/query/lolcats%20funny?page=10> and browse recent search queries like this: <https://image-search-abstraction-layer.freecodecamp.rocks/recent/>. Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project.

Here are the specific user stories you should implement for this project:

**User Story:** You can get the image URLs, description and page URLs for a set of images relating to a given search string.

**User Story:** You can paginate through the responses by adding a `?page=2` parameter to the URL.

**User Story:** You can get a list of the most recently submitted search strings.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): standardize links in curriculum (#46564)
* fix(curriculum): standradize links in curriculum

* Data analiysis links

* CIP links

* fixed links in s-expressions

* Update curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-css/use-hex-code-for-specific-colors.md

Co-authored-by: Ilenia <nethleen@gmail.com>

* added space before target attribute

* standarize external and .rock example links

* wrap "check out the projects" around the links

Co-authored-by: Ilenia <nethleen@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/take-home-projects/build-an-image-search-abstraction-layer.md, after:

---
id: bd7158d8c443edefaeb5bdee
title: Build an Image Search Abstraction Layer
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 302361
dashedName: build-an-image-search-abstraction-layer
---

# --description--

Build a full stack JavaScript app that allows you to search for images like this: <a href="https://image-search-abstraction-layer.freecodecamp.rocks/query/lolcats%20funny?page=10>" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://image-search-abstraction-layer.freecodecamp.rocks/query/lolcats%20funny?page=10</a> and browse recent search queries like this: <a href="https://image-search-abstraction-layer.freecodecamp.rocks/recent/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://image-search-abstraction-layer.freecodecamp.rocks/recent/</a>. Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project.

Here are the specific user stories you should implement for this project:

**User Story:** You can get the image URLs, description and page URLs for a set of images relating to a given search string.

**User Story:** You can paginate through the responses by adding a `?page=2` parameter to the URL.

**User Story:** You can get a list of the most recently submitted search strings.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --solutions--

```js
// solution required
```
