curriculum/challenges/english/04-data-visualization/data-visualization-with-d3/update-the-height-of-an-element-dynamically.md, before:

---
id: 587d7fa8367417b2b2512bc9
title: Update the Height of an Element Dynamically
challengeType: 6
forumTopicId: 301493
---

# --description--

The previous challenges covered how to display data from an array and how to add CSS classes. You can combine these lessons to create a simple bar chart. There are two steps to this:

1) Create a `div` for each data point in the array

2) Give each `div` a dynamic height, using a callback function in the `style()` method that sets height equal to the data value

Recall the format to set a style using a callback function:

`selection.style("cssProperty", (d) => d)`

# --instructions--

Add the `style()` method to the code in the editor to set the `height` property for each element. Use a callback function to return the value of the data point with the string "px" added to it.

# --hints--

The first `div` should have a `height` of 12 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(0)[0].style.height === '12px');
```

The second `div` should have a `height` of 31 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(1)[0].style.height === '31px');
```

The third `div` should have a `height` of 22 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(2)[0].style.height === '22px');
```

The fourth `div` should have a `height` of 17 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(3)[0].style.height === '17px');
```

The fifth `div` should have a `height` of 25 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(4)[0].style.height === '25px');
```

The sixth `div` should have a `height` of 18 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(5)[0].style.height === '18px');
```

The seventh `div` should have a `height` of 29 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(6)[0].style.height === '29px');
```

The eighth `div` should have a `height` of 14 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(7)[0].style.height === '14px');
```

The ninth `div` should have a `height` of 9 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(8)[0].style.height === '9px');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  .bar {
    width: 25px;
    height: 100px;
    display: inline-block;
    background-color: blue;
  }
</style>
<body>
  <script>
    const dataset = [12, 31, 22, 17, 25, 18, 29, 14, 9];

    d3.select("body").selectAll("div")
      .data(dataset)
      .enter()
      .append("div")
      .attr("class", "bar")
      // Add your code below this line



      // Add your code above this line
  </script>
</body>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>
  .bar {
    width: 25px;
    height: 100px;
    display: inline-block;
    background-color: blue;
  }
</style>
<body>
  <script>
    const dataset = [12, 31, 22, 17, 25, 18, 29, 14, 9];

    d3.select("body").selectAll("div")
      .data(dataset)
      .enter()
      .append("div")
      .attr("class", "bar")
      .style('height', d => `${d}px`)
  </script>
</body>
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/04-data-visualization/data-visualization-with-d3/update-the-height-of-an-element-dynamically.md, after:

---
id: 587d7fa8367417b2b2512bc9
title: Update the Height of an Element Dynamically
challengeType: 6
forumTopicId: 301493
dashedName: update-the-height-of-an-element-dynamically
---

# --description--

The previous challenges covered how to display data from an array and how to add CSS classes. You can combine these lessons to create a simple bar chart. There are two steps to this:

1) Create a `div` for each data point in the array

2) Give each `div` a dynamic height, using a callback function in the `style()` method that sets height equal to the data value

Recall the format to set a style using a callback function:

`selection.style("cssProperty", (d) => d)`

# --instructions--

Add the `style()` method to the code in the editor to set the `height` property for each element. Use a callback function to return the value of the data point with the string "px" added to it.

# --hints--

The first `div` should have a `height` of 12 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(0)[0].style.height === '12px');
```

The second `div` should have a `height` of 31 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(1)[0].style.height === '31px');
```

The third `div` should have a `height` of 22 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(2)[0].style.height === '22px');
```

The fourth `div` should have a `height` of 17 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(3)[0].style.height === '17px');
```

The fifth `div` should have a `height` of 25 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(4)[0].style.height === '25px');
```

The sixth `div` should have a `height` of 18 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(5)[0].style.height === '18px');
```

The seventh `div` should have a `height` of 29 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(6)[0].style.height === '29px');
```

The eighth `div` should have a `height` of 14 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(7)[0].style.height === '14px');
```

The ninth `div` should have a `height` of 9 pixels.

```js
assert($('div').eq(8)[0].style.height === '9px');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  .bar {
    width: 25px;
    height: 100px;
    display: inline-block;
    background-color: blue;
  }
</style>
<body>
  <script>
    const dataset = [12, 31, 22, 17, 25, 18, 29, 14, 9];

    d3.select("body").selectAll("div")
      .data(dataset)
      .enter()
      .append("div")
      .attr("class", "bar")
      // Add your code below this line



      // Add your code above this line
  </script>
</body>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>
  .bar {
    width: 25px;
    height: 100px;
    display: inline-block;
    background-color: blue;
  }
</style>
<body>
  <script>
    const dataset = [12, 31, 22, 17, 25, 18, 29, 14, 9];

    d3.select("body").selectAll("div")
      .data(dataset)
      .enter()
      .append("div")
      .attr("class", "bar")
      .style('height', d => `${d}px`)
  </script>
</body>
```
