curriculum/challenges/english/05-apis-and-microservices/managing-packages-with-npm/use-the-caret-character-to-use-the-latest-minor-version-of-a-dependency.md, before:

---
id: 587d7fb5367417b2b2512c03
title: Use the Caret-Character to Use the Latest Minor Version of a Dependency
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301531
---

# --description--

Similar to how the tilde we learned about in the last challenge allows npm to install the latest PATCH for a dependency, the caret (`^`) allows npm to install future updates as well. The difference is that the caret will allow both MINOR updates and PATCHes.

Your current version of moment should be "~2.10.2" which allows npm to install to the latest 2.10.x version. If you were to use the caret (^) as a version prefix instead, npm would be allowed to update to any 2.x.x version.

```json
"package": "^1.3.8"
```

This would allow updates to any 1.x.x version of the package.

# --instructions--

Use the caret (`^`) to prefix the version of moment in your dependencies and allow npm to update it to any new MINOR release.

**Note:** The version numbers themselves should not be changed.

# --hints--

"dependencies" should include "moment"

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/package.json').then(
    (data) => {
      var packJson = JSON.parse(data);
      assert.property(
        packJson.dependencies,
        'moment',
        '"dependencies" does not include "moment"'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

"moment" version should match "^2.x.x"

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/package.json').then(
    (data) => {
      var packJson = JSON.parse(data);
      assert.match(
        packJson.dependencies.moment,
        /^\^2\./,
        'Wrong version of "moment". It should be ^2.10.2'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --seed--

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/05-apis-and-microservices/managing-packages-with-npm/use-the-caret-character-to-use-the-latest-minor-version-of-a-dependency.md, after:

---
id: 587d7fb5367417b2b2512c03
title: Use the Caret-Character to Use the Latest Minor Version of a Dependency
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301531
dashedName: use-the-caret-character-to-use-the-latest-minor-version-of-a-dependency
---

# --description--

Similar to how the tilde we learned about in the last challenge allows npm to install the latest PATCH for a dependency, the caret (`^`) allows npm to install future updates as well. The difference is that the caret will allow both MINOR updates and PATCHes.

Your current version of moment should be "~2.10.2" which allows npm to install to the latest 2.10.x version. If you were to use the caret (^) as a version prefix instead, npm would be allowed to update to any 2.x.x version.

```json
"package": "^1.3.8"
```

This would allow updates to any 1.x.x version of the package.

# --instructions--

Use the caret (`^`) to prefix the version of moment in your dependencies and allow npm to update it to any new MINOR release.

**Note:** The version numbers themselves should not be changed.

# --hints--

"dependencies" should include "moment"

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/package.json').then(
    (data) => {
      var packJson = JSON.parse(data);
      assert.property(
        packJson.dependencies,
        'moment',
        '"dependencies" does not include "moment"'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

"moment" version should match "^2.x.x"

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/package.json').then(
    (data) => {
      var packJson = JSON.parse(data);
      assert.match(
        packJson.dependencies.moment,
        /^\^2\./,
        'Wrong version of "moment". It should be ^2.10.2'
      );
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
