curriculum/challenges/english/08-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-28-number-spiral-diagonals.english.md, before:

---
id: 5900f3881000cf542c50fe9b
challengeType: 5
title: 'Problem 28: Number spiral diagonals'
forumTopicId: 301930
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
Starting with the number 1 and moving to the right in a clockwise direction a 5 by 5 spiral is formed as follows:
21 22 23 24 25
20  7  8  9 10
19  6  1  2 11
18  5  4  3 12
17 16 15 14 13
It can be verified that the sum of the numbers on the diagonals is 101.
What is the sum of the numbers on the diagonals in a n by n spiral formed in the same way?
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: <code>spiralDiagonals(101)</code> should return 692101.
    testString: assert(spiralDiagonals(101) == 692101);
  - text: <code>spiralDiagonals(303)</code> should return 18591725.
    testString: assert(spiralDiagonals(303) == 18591725);
  - text: <code>spiralDiagonals(505)</code> should return 85986601.
    testString: assert(spiralDiagonals(505) == 85986601);
  - text: <code>spiralDiagonals(1001)</code> should return 669171001.
    testString: assert(spiralDiagonals(1001) == 669171001);

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='js-seed'>

```js
function spiralDiagonals(n) {
  // Good luck!
  return n;
}

spiralDiagonals(1001);
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>


```js
const spiralDiagonals = (n) => {
  const Sn2 = (n) => {
    return n*(n+1)*(2*n+1)/6;
  };
  const Sn = (n) => {
    return n*(n+1)/2;
  };
  let sum = (Sn2(n-1) + Sn(n-1) + n-1) + (Math.floor(n/2) + Sn2(n));
  return sum;
};
```

</section>

Commit message:

fix: improve Project Euler descriptions, challenge seeds, and test cases (#38016)
* fix: improve Project Euler descriptions and test case

Improve formatting of Project Euler test descriptions. Also add poker hands array and new test case for problem 54

* feat: add typeof tests and gave functions proper names for first 100 challenges

* fix: continue fixing test descriptions and adding "before test" sections

* fix: address review comments

* fix: adjust grids in 18 and 67 and fix some text that reference files rather than the given arrays

* fix: implement bug fixes and improvements from review

* fix: remove console.log statements from seed and solution

curriculum/challenges/english/08-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-28-number-spiral-diagonals.english.md, after:

---
id: 5900f3881000cf542c50fe9b
challengeType: 5
title: 'Problem 28: Number spiral diagonals'
forumTopicId: 301930
---

## Description
<section id='description'>

Starting with the number 1 and moving to the right in a clockwise direction a 5 by 5 spiral is formed as follows:

<div style='padding-left: 4em;'>
  <div style='color: red; display: inline;'>21</div> 22 23 24 <div style='color: red; display: inline;'>25</div><br>
  20  <div style='color: red; display: inline;'>7</div>  8  <div style='color: red; display: inline;'>9</div> 10<br>
  19  6  <div style='color: red; display: inline;'>1</div>  2 11<br>
  18  <div style='color: red; display: inline;'>5</div>  4  <div style='color: red; display: inline;'>3</div> 12<br>
  <div style='color: red; display: inline;'>17</div> 16 15 14 <div style='color: red; display: inline;'>13</div><br>
</div>

It can be verified that the sum of the numbers on the diagonals is 101.

What is the sum of the numbers on the diagonals in an `n` by `n` spiral formed in the same way?

</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: <code>spiralDiagonals(101)</code> should return a number.
    testString: assert(typeof spiralDiagonals(101) === 'number');
  - text: <code>spiralDiagonals(101)</code> should return 692101.
    testString: assert(spiralDiagonals(101) == 692101);
  - text: <code>spiralDiagonals(303)</code> should return 18591725.
    testString: assert(spiralDiagonals(303) == 18591725);
  - text: <code>spiralDiagonals(505)</code> should return 85986601.
    testString: assert(spiralDiagonals(505) == 85986601);
  - text: <code>spiralDiagonals(1001)</code> should return 669171001.
    testString: assert(spiralDiagonals(1001) == 669171001);

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='js-seed'>

```js
function spiralDiagonals(n) {
  // Good luck!
  return n;
}

spiralDiagonals(1001);
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>


```js
const spiralDiagonals = (n) => {
  const Sn2 = (n) => {
    return n*(n+1)*(2*n+1)/6;
  };
  const Sn = (n) => {
    return n*(n+1)/2;
  };
  let sum = (Sn2(n-1) + Sn(n-1) + n-1) + (Math.floor(n/2) + Sn2(n));
  return sum;
};
```

</section>
