curriculum/challenges/english/08-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-42-coded-triangle-numbers.english.md, before:

---
id: 5900f3961000cf542c50fea9
challengeType: 5
title: 'Problem 42: Coded triangle numbers'
forumTopicId: 302089
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
The nth term of the sequence of triangle numbers is given by, tn = ½n(n+1); so the first ten triangle numbers are:
1, 3, 6, 10, 15, 21, 28, 36, 45, 55, ...
By converting each letter in a word to a number corresponding to its alphabetical position and adding these values we form a word value. For example, the word value for SKY is 19 + 11 + 25 = 55 = t10. If the word value is a triangle number then we shall call the word a triangle word.
Using words array of n-length, how many are triangle words?
</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: <code>codedTriangleNumbers(1400)</code> should return 129.
    testString: assert(codedTriangleNumbers(1400) == 129);
  - text: <code>codedTriangleNumbers(1500)</code> should return 137.
    testString: assert(codedTriangleNumbers(1500) == 137);
  - text: <code>codedTriangleNumbers(1600)</code> should return 141.
    testString: assert(codedTriangleNumbers(1600) == 141);
  - text: <code>codedTriangleNumbers(1786)</code> should return 162.
    testString: assert(codedTriangleNumbers(1786) == 162);

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='js-seed'>

```js
function codedTriangleNumbers(n) {
  // Good luck!
  return 1;
}
// only change code above this line

const words = ['A','ABILITY','ABLE','ABOUT','ABOVE','ABSENCE','ABSOLUTELY','ACADEMIC','ACCEPT','ACCESS','ACCIDENT','ACCOMPANY','ACCORDING','ACCOUNT','ACHIEVE','ACHIEVEMENT','ACID','ACQUIRE','ACROSS','ACT','ACTION','ACTIVE','ACTIVITY','ACTUAL','ACTUALLY','ADD','ADDITION','ADDITIONAL','ADDRESS','ADMINISTRATION','ADMIT','ADOPT','ADULT','ADVANCE','ADVANTAGE','ADVICE','ADVISE','AFFAIR','AFFECT','AFFORD','AFRAID','AFTER','AFTERNOON','AFTERWARDS','AGAIN','AGAINST','AGE','AGENCY','AGENT','AGO','AGREE','AGREEMENT','AHEAD','AID','AIM','AIR','AIRCRAFT','ALL','ALLOW','ALMOST','ALONE','ALONG','ALREADY','ALRIGHT','ALSO','ALTERNATIVE','ALTHOUGH','ALWAYS','AMONG','AMONGST','AMOUNT','AN','ANALYSIS','ANCIENT','AND','ANIMAL','ANNOUNCE','ANNUAL','ANOTHER','ANSWER','ANY','ANYBODY','ANYONE','ANYTHING','ANYWAY','APART','APPARENT','APPARENTLY','APPEAL','APPEAR','APPEARANCE','APPLICATION','APPLY','APPOINT','APPOINTMENT','APPROACH','APPROPRIATE','APPROVE','AREA','ARGUE','ARGUMENT','ARISE','ARM','ARMY','AROUND','ARRANGE','ARRANGEMENT','ARRIVE','ART','ARTICLE','ARTIST','AS','ASK','ASPECT','ASSEMBLY','ASSESS','ASSESSMENT','ASSET','ASSOCIATE','ASSOCIATION','ASSUME','ASSUMPTION','AT','ATMOSPHERE','ATTACH','ATTACK','ATTEMPT','ATTEND','ATTENTION','ATTITUDE','ATTRACT','ATTRACTIVE','AUDIENCE','AUTHOR','AUTHORITY','AVAILABLE','AVERAGE','AVOID','AWARD','AWARE','AWAY','AYE','BABY','BACK','BACKGROUND','BAD','BAG','BALANCE','BALL','BAND','BANK','BAR','BASE','BASIC','BASIS','BATTLE','BE','BEAR','BEAT','BEAUTIFUL','BECAUSE','BECOME','BED','BEDROOM','BEFORE','BEGIN','BEGINNING','BEHAVIOUR','BEHIND','BELIEF','BELIEVE','BELONG','BELOW','BENEATH','BENEFIT','BESIDE','BEST','BETTER','BETWEEN','BEYOND','BIG','BILL','BIND','BIRD','BIRTH','BIT','BLACK','BLOCK','BLOOD','BLOODY','BLOW','BLUE','BOARD','BOAT','BODY','BONE','BOOK','BORDER','BOTH','BOTTLE','BOTTOM','BOX','BOY','BRAIN','BRANCH','BREAK','BREATH','BRIDGE','BRIEF','BRIGHT','BRING','BROAD','BROTHER','BUDGET','BUILD','BUILDING','BURN','BUS','BUSINESS','BUSY','BUT','BUY','BY','CABINET','CALL','CAMPAIGN','CAN','CANDIDATE','CAPABLE','CAPACITY','CAPITAL','CAR','CARD','CARE','CAREER','CAREFUL','CAREFULLY','CARRY','CASE','CASH','CAT','CATCH','CATEGORY','CAUSE','CELL','CENTRAL','CENTRE','CENTURY','CERTAIN','CERTAINLY','CHAIN','CHAIR','CHAIRMAN','CHALLENGE','CHANCE','CHANGE','CHANNEL','CHAPTER','CHARACTER','CHARACTERISTIC','CHARGE','CHEAP','CHECK','CHEMICAL','CHIEF','CHILD','CHOICE','CHOOSE','CHURCH','CIRCLE','CIRCUMSTANCE','CITIZEN','CITY','CIVIL','CLAIM','CLASS','CLEAN','CLEAR','CLEARLY','CLIENT','CLIMB','CLOSE','CLOSELY','CLOTHES','CLUB','COAL','CODE','COFFEE','COLD','COLLEAGUE','COLLECT','COLLECTION','COLLEGE','COLOUR','COMBINATION','COMBINE','COME','COMMENT','COMMERCIAL','COMMISSION','COMMIT','COMMITMENT','COMMITTEE','COMMON','COMMUNICATION','COMMUNITY','COMPANY','COMPARE','COMPARISON','COMPETITION','COMPLETE','COMPLETELY','COMPLEX','COMPONENT','COMPUTER','CONCENTRATE','CONCENTRATION','CONCEPT','CONCERN','CONCERNED','CONCLUDE','CONCLUSION','CONDITION','CONDUCT','CONFERENCE','CONFIDENCE','CONFIRM','CONFLICT','CONGRESS','CONNECT','CONNECTION','CONSEQUENCE','CONSERVATIVE','CONSIDER','CONSIDERABLE','CONSIDERATION','CONSIST','CONSTANT','CONSTRUCTION','CONSUMER','CONTACT','CONTAIN','CONTENT','CONTEXT','CONTINUE','CONTRACT','CONTRAST','CONTRIBUTE','CONTRIBUTION','CONTROL','CONVENTION','CONVERSATION','COPY','CORNER','CORPORATE','CORRECT','COS','COST','COULD','COUNCIL','COUNT','COUNTRY','COUNTY','COUPLE','COURSE','COURT','COVER','CREATE','CREATION','CREDIT','CRIME','CRIMINAL','CRISIS','CRITERION','CRITICAL','CRITICISM','CROSS','CROWD','CRY','CULTURAL','CULTURE','CUP','CURRENT','CURRENTLY','CURRICULUM','CUSTOMER','CUT','DAMAGE','DANGER','DANGEROUS','DARK','DATA','DATE','DAUGHTER','DAY','DEAD','DEAL','DEATH','DEBATE','DEBT','DECADE','DECIDE','DECISION','DECLARE','DEEP','DEFENCE','DEFENDANT','DEFINE','DEFINITION','DEGREE','DELIVER','DEMAND','DEMOCRATIC','DEMONSTRATE','DENY','DEPARTMENT','DEPEND','DEPUTY','DERIVE','DESCRIBE','DESCRIPTION','DESIGN','DESIRE','DESK','DESPITE','DESTROY','DETAIL','DETAILED','DETERMINE','DEVELOP','DEVELOPMENT','DEVICE','DIE','DIFFERENCE','DIFFERENT','DIFFICULT','DIFFICULTY','DINNER','DIRECT','DIRECTION','DIRECTLY','DIRECTOR','DISAPPEAR','DISCIPLINE','DISCOVER','DISCUSS','DISCUSSION','DISEASE','DISPLAY','DISTANCE','DISTINCTION','DISTRIBUTION','DISTRICT','DIVIDE','DIVISION','DO','DOCTOR','DOCUMENT','DOG','DOMESTIC','DOOR','DOUBLE','DOUBT','DOWN','DRAW','DRAWING','DREAM','DRESS','DRINK','DRIVE','DRIVER','DROP','DRUG','DRY','DUE','DURING','DUTY','EACH','EAR','EARLY','EARN','EARTH','EASILY','EAST','EASY','EAT','ECONOMIC','ECONOMY','EDGE','EDITOR','EDUCATION','EDUCATIONAL','EFFECT','EFFECTIVE','EFFECTIVELY','EFFORT','EGG','EITHER','ELDERLY','ELECTION','ELEMENT','ELSE','ELSEWHERE','EMERGE','EMPHASIS','EMPLOY','EMPLOYEE','EMPLOYER','EMPLOYMENT','EMPTY','ENABLE','ENCOURAGE','END','ENEMY','ENERGY','ENGINE','ENGINEERING','ENJOY','ENOUGH','ENSURE','ENTER','ENTERPRISE','ENTIRE','ENTIRELY','ENTITLE','ENTRY','ENVIRONMENT','ENVIRONMENTAL','EQUAL','EQUALLY','EQUIPMENT','ERROR','ESCAPE','ESPECIALLY','ESSENTIAL','ESTABLISH','ESTABLISHMENT','ESTATE','ESTIMATE','EVEN','EVENING','EVENT','EVENTUALLY','EVER','EVERY','EVERYBODY','EVERYONE','EVERYTHING','EVIDENCE','EXACTLY','EXAMINATION','EXAMINE','EXAMPLE','EXCELLENT','EXCEPT','EXCHANGE','EXECUTIVE','EXERCISE','EXHIBITION','EXIST','EXISTENCE','EXISTING','EXPECT','EXPECTATION','EXPENDITURE','EXPENSE','EXPENSIVE','EXPERIENCE','EXPERIMENT','EXPERT','EXPLAIN','EXPLANATION','EXPLORE','EXPRESS','EXPRESSION','EXTEND','EXTENT','EXTERNAL','EXTRA','EXTREMELY','EYE','FACE','FACILITY','FACT','FACTOR','FACTORY','FAIL','FAILURE','FAIR','FAIRLY','FAITH','FALL','FAMILIAR','FAMILY','FAMOUS','FAR','FARM','FARMER','FASHION','FAST','FATHER','FAVOUR','FEAR','FEATURE','FEE','FEEL','FEELING','FEMALE','FEW','FIELD','FIGHT','FIGURE','FILE','FILL','FILM','FINAL','FINALLY','FINANCE','FINANCIAL','FIND','FINDING','FINE','FINGER','FINISH','FIRE','FIRM','FIRST','FISH','FIT','FIX','FLAT','FLIGHT','FLOOR','FLOW','FLOWER','FLY','FOCUS','FOLLOW','FOLLOWING','FOOD','FOOT','FOOTBALL','FOR','FORCE','FOREIGN','FOREST','FORGET','FORM','FORMAL','FORMER','FORWARD','FOUNDATION','FREE','FREEDOM','FREQUENTLY','FRESH','FRIEND','FROM','FRONT','FRUIT','FUEL','FULL','FULLY','FUNCTION','FUND','FUNNY','FURTHER','FUTURE','GAIN','GAME','GARDEN','GAS','GATE','GATHER','GENERAL','GENERALLY','GENERATE','GENERATION','GENTLEMAN','GET','GIRL','GIVE','GLASS','GO','GOAL','GOD','GOLD','GOOD','GOVERNMENT','GRANT','GREAT','GREEN','GREY','GROUND','GROUP','GROW','GROWING','GROWTH','GUEST','GUIDE','GUN','HAIR','HALF','HALL','HAND','HANDLE','HANG','HAPPEN','HAPPY','HARD','HARDLY','HATE','HAVE','HE','HEAD','HEALTH','HEAR','HEART','HEAT','HEAVY','HELL','HELP','HENCE','HER','HERE','HERSELF','HIDE','HIGH','HIGHLY','HILL','HIM','HIMSELF','HIS','HISTORICAL','HISTORY','HIT','HOLD','HOLE','HOLIDAY','HOME','HOPE','HORSE','HOSPITAL','HOT','HOTEL','HOUR','HOUSE','HOUSEHOLD','HOUSING','HOW','HOWEVER','HUGE','HUMAN','HURT','HUSBAND','I','IDEA','IDENTIFY','IF','IGNORE','ILLUSTRATE','IMAGE','IMAGINE','IMMEDIATE','IMMEDIATELY','IMPACT','IMPLICATION','IMPLY','IMPORTANCE','IMPORTANT','IMPOSE','IMPOSSIBLE','IMPRESSION','IMPROVE','IMPROVEMENT','IN','INCIDENT','INCLUDE','INCLUDING','INCOME','INCREASE','INCREASED','INCREASINGLY','INDEED','INDEPENDENT','INDEX','INDICATE','INDIVIDUAL','INDUSTRIAL','INDUSTRY','INFLUENCE','INFORM','INFORMATION','INITIAL','INITIATIVE','INJURY','INSIDE','INSIST','INSTANCE','INSTEAD','INSTITUTE','INSTITUTION','INSTRUCTION','INSTRUMENT','INSURANCE','INTEND','INTENTION','INTEREST','INTERESTED','INTERESTING','INTERNAL','INTERNATIONAL','INTERPRETATION','INTERVIEW','INTO','INTRODUCE','INTRODUCTION','INVESTIGATE','INVESTIGATION','INVESTMENT','INVITE','INVOLVE','IRON','IS','ISLAND','ISSUE','IT','ITEM','ITS','ITSELF','JOB','JOIN','JOINT','JOURNEY','JUDGE','JUMP','JUST','JUSTICE','KEEP','KEY','KID','KILL','KIND','KING','KITCHEN','KNEE','KNOW','KNOWLEDGE','LABOUR','LACK','LADY','LAND','LANGUAGE','LARGE','LARGELY','LAST','LATE','LATER','LATTER','LAUGH','LAUNCH','LAW','LAWYER','LAY','LEAD','LEADER','LEADERSHIP','LEADING','LEAF','LEAGUE','LEAN','LEARN','LEAST','LEAVE','LEFT','LEG','LEGAL','LEGISLATION','LENGTH','LESS','LET','LETTER','LEVEL','LIABILITY','LIBERAL','LIBRARY','LIE','LIFE','LIFT','LIGHT','LIKE','LIKELY','LIMIT','LIMITED','LINE','LINK','LIP','LIST','LISTEN','LITERATURE','LITTLE','LIVE','LIVING','LOAN','LOCAL','LOCATION','LONG','LOOK','LORD','LOSE','LOSS','LOT','LOVE','LOVELY','LOW','LUNCH','MACHINE','MAGAZINE','MAIN','MAINLY','MAINTAIN','MAJOR','MAJORITY','MAKE','MALE','MAN','MANAGE','MANAGEMENT','MANAGER','MANNER','MANY','MAP','MARK','MARKET','MARRIAGE','MARRIED','MARRY','MASS','MASTER','MATCH','MATERIAL','MATTER','MAY','MAYBE','ME','MEAL','MEAN','MEANING','MEANS','MEANWHILE','MEASURE','MECHANISM','MEDIA','MEDICAL','MEET','MEETING','MEMBER','MEMBERSHIP','MEMORY','MENTAL','MENTION','MERELY','MESSAGE','METAL','METHOD','MIDDLE','MIGHT','MILE','MILITARY','MILK','MIND','MINE','MINISTER','MINISTRY','MINUTE','MISS','MISTAKE','MODEL','MODERN','MODULE','MOMENT','MONEY','MONTH','MORE','MORNING','MOST','MOTHER','MOTION','MOTOR','MOUNTAIN','MOUTH','MOVE','MOVEMENT','MUCH','MURDER','MUSEUM','MUSIC','MUST','MY','MYSELF','NAME','NARROW','NATION','NATIONAL','NATURAL','NATURE','NEAR','NEARLY','NECESSARILY','NECESSARY','NECK','NEED','NEGOTIATION','NEIGHBOUR','NEITHER','NETWORK','NEVER','NEVERTHELESS','NEW','NEWS','NEWSPAPER','NEXT','NICE','NIGHT','NO','NOBODY','NOD','NOISE','NONE','NOR','NORMAL','NORMALLY','NORTH','NORTHERN','NOSE','NOT','NOTE','NOTHING','NOTICE','NOTION','NOW','NUCLEAR','NUMBER','NURSE','OBJECT','OBJECTIVE','OBSERVATION','OBSERVE','OBTAIN','OBVIOUS','OBVIOUSLY','OCCASION','OCCUR','ODD','OF','OFF','OFFENCE','OFFER','OFFICE','OFFICER','OFFICIAL','OFTEN','OIL','OKAY','OLD','ON','ONCE','ONE','ONLY','ONTO','OPEN','OPERATE','OPERATION','OPINION','OPPORTUNITY','OPPOSITION','OPTION','OR','ORDER','ORDINARY','ORGANISATION','ORGANISE','ORGANIZATION','ORIGIN','ORIGINAL','OTHER','OTHERWISE','OUGHT','OUR','OURSELVES','OUT','OUTCOME','OUTPUT','OUTSIDE','OVER','OVERALL','OWN','OWNER','PACKAGE','PAGE','PAIN','PAINT','PAINTING','PAIR','PANEL','PAPER','PARENT','PARK','PARLIAMENT','PART','PARTICULAR','PARTICULARLY','PARTLY','PARTNER','PARTY','PASS','PASSAGE','PAST','PATH','PATIENT','PATTERN','PAY','PAYMENT','PEACE','PENSION','PEOPLE','PER','PERCENT','PERFECT','PERFORM','PERFORMANCE','PERHAPS','PERIOD','PERMANENT','PERSON','PERSONAL','PERSUADE','PHASE','PHONE','PHOTOGRAPH','PHYSICAL','PICK','PICTURE','PIECE','PLACE','PLAN','PLANNING','PLANT','PLASTIC','PLATE','PLAY','PLAYER','PLEASE','PLEASURE','PLENTY','PLUS','POCKET','POINT','POLICE','POLICY','POLITICAL','POLITICS','POOL','POOR','POPULAR','POPULATION','POSITION','POSITIVE','POSSIBILITY','POSSIBLE','POSSIBLY','POST','POTENTIAL','POUND','POWER','POWERFUL','PRACTICAL','PRACTICE','PREFER','PREPARE','PRESENCE','PRESENT','PRESIDENT','PRESS','PRESSURE','PRETTY','PREVENT','PREVIOUS','PREVIOUSLY','PRICE','PRIMARY','PRIME','PRINCIPLE','PRIORITY','PRISON','PRISONER','PRIVATE','PROBABLY','PROBLEM','PROCEDURE','PROCESS','PRODUCE','PRODUCT','PRODUCTION','PROFESSIONAL','PROFIT','PROGRAM','PROGRAMME','PROGRESS','PROJECT','PROMISE','PROMOTE','PROPER','PROPERLY','PROPERTY','PROPORTION','PROPOSE','PROPOSAL','PROSPECT','PROTECT','PROTECTION','PROVE','PROVIDE','PROVIDED','PROVISION','PUB','PUBLIC','PUBLICATION','PUBLISH','PULL','PUPIL','PURPOSE','PUSH','PUT','QUALITY','QUARTER','QUESTION','QUICK','QUICKLY','QUIET','QUITE','RACE','RADIO','RAILWAY','RAIN','RAISE','RANGE','RAPIDLY','RARE','RATE','RATHER','REACH','REACTION','READ','READER','READING','READY','REAL','REALISE','REALITY','REALIZE','REALLY','REASON','REASONABLE','RECALL','RECEIVE','RECENT','RECENTLY','RECOGNISE','RECOGNITION','RECOGNIZE','RECOMMEND','RECORD','RECOVER','RED','REDUCE','REDUCTION','REFER','REFERENCE','REFLECT','REFORM','REFUSE','REGARD','REGION','REGIONAL','REGULAR','REGULATION','REJECT','RELATE','RELATION','RELATIONSHIP','RELATIVE','RELATIVELY','RELEASE','RELEVANT','RELIEF','RELIGION','RELIGIOUS','RELY','REMAIN','REMEMBER','REMIND','REMOVE','REPEAT','REPLACE','REPLY','REPORT','REPRESENT','REPRESENTATION','REPRESENTATIVE','REQUEST','REQUIRE','REQUIREMENT','RESEARCH','RESOURCE','RESPECT','RESPOND','RESPONSE','RESPONSIBILITY','RESPONSIBLE','REST','RESTAURANT','RESULT','RETAIN','RETURN','REVEAL','REVENUE','REVIEW','REVOLUTION','RICH','RIDE','RIGHT','RING','RISE','RISK','RIVER','ROAD','ROCK','ROLE','ROLL','ROOF','ROOM','ROUND','ROUTE','ROW','ROYAL','RULE','RUN','RURAL','SAFE','SAFETY','SALE','SAME','SAMPLE','SATISFY','SAVE','SAY','SCALE','SCENE','SCHEME','SCHOOL','SCIENCE','SCIENTIFIC','SCIENTIST','SCORE','SCREEN','SEA','SEARCH','SEASON','SEAT','SECOND','SECONDARY','SECRETARY','SECTION','SECTOR','SECURE','SECURITY','SEE','SEEK','SEEM','SELECT','SELECTION','SELL','SEND','SENIOR','SENSE','SENTENCE','SEPARATE','SEQUENCE','SERIES','SERIOUS','SERIOUSLY','SERVANT','SERVE','SERVICE','SESSION','SET','SETTLE','SETTLEMENT','SEVERAL','SEVERE','SEX','SEXUAL','SHAKE','SHALL','SHAPE','SHARE','SHE','SHEET','SHIP','SHOE','SHOOT','SHOP','SHORT','SHOT','SHOULD','SHOULDER','SHOUT','SHOW','SHUT','SIDE','SIGHT','SIGN','SIGNAL','SIGNIFICANCE','SIGNIFICANT','SILENCE','SIMILAR','SIMPLE','SIMPLY','SINCE','SING','SINGLE','SIR','SISTER','SIT','SITE','SITUATION','SIZE','SKILL','SKIN','SKY','SLEEP','SLIGHTLY','SLIP','SLOW','SLOWLY','SMALL','SMILE','SO','SOCIAL','SOCIETY','SOFT','SOFTWARE','SOIL','SOLDIER','SOLICITOR','SOLUTION','SOME','SOMEBODY','SOMEONE','SOMETHING','SOMETIMES','SOMEWHAT','SOMEWHERE','SON','SONG','SOON','SORRY','SORT','SOUND','SOURCE','SOUTH','SOUTHERN','SPACE','SPEAK','SPEAKER','SPECIAL','SPECIES','SPECIFIC','SPEECH','SPEED','SPEND','SPIRIT','SPORT','SPOT','SPREAD','SPRING','STAFF','STAGE','STAND','STANDARD','STAR','START','STATE','STATEMENT','STATION','STATUS','STAY','STEAL','STEP','STICK','STILL','STOCK','STONE','STOP','STORE','STORY','STRAIGHT','STRANGE','STRATEGY','STREET','STRENGTH','STRIKE','STRONG','STRONGLY','STRUCTURE','STUDENT','STUDIO','STUDY','STUFF','STYLE','SUBJECT','SUBSTANTIAL','SUCCEED','SUCCESS','SUCCESSFUL','SUCH','SUDDENLY','SUFFER','SUFFICIENT','SUGGEST','SUGGESTION','SUITABLE','SUM','SUMMER','SUN','SUPPLY','SUPPORT','SUPPOSE','SURE','SURELY','SURFACE','SURPRISE','SURROUND','SURVEY','SURVIVE','SWITCH','SYSTEM','TABLE','TAKE','TALK','TALL','TAPE','TARGET','TASK','TAX','TEA','TEACH','TEACHER','TEACHING','TEAM','TEAR','TECHNICAL','TECHNIQUE','TECHNOLOGY','TELEPHONE','TELEVISION','TELL','TEMPERATURE','TEND','TERM','TERMS','TERRIBLE','TEST','TEXT','THAN','THANK','THANKS','THAT','THE','THEATRE','THEIR','THEM','THEME','THEMSELVES','THEN','THEORY','THERE','THEREFORE','THESE','THEY','THIN','THING','THINK','THIS','THOSE','THOUGH','THOUGHT','THREAT','THREATEN','THROUGH','THROUGHOUT','THROW','THUS','TICKET','TIME','TINY','TITLE','TO','TODAY','TOGETHER','TOMORROW','TONE','TONIGHT','TOO','TOOL','TOOTH','TOP','TOTAL','TOTALLY','TOUCH','TOUR','TOWARDS','TOWN','TRACK','TRADE','TRADITION','TRADITIONAL','TRAFFIC','TRAIN','TRAINING','TRANSFER','TRANSPORT','TRAVEL','TREAT','TREATMENT','TREATY','TREE','TREND','TRIAL','TRIP','TROOP','TROUBLE','TRUE','TRUST','TRUTH','TRY','TURN','TWICE','TYPE','TYPICAL','UNABLE','UNDER','UNDERSTAND','UNDERSTANDING','UNDERTAKE','UNEMPLOYMENT','UNFORTUNATELY','UNION','UNIT','UNITED','UNIVERSITY','UNLESS','UNLIKELY','UNTIL','UP','UPON','UPPER','URBAN','US','USE','USED','USEFUL','USER','USUAL','USUALLY','VALUE','VARIATION','VARIETY','VARIOUS','VARY','VAST','VEHICLE','VERSION','VERY','VIA','VICTIM','VICTORY','VIDEO','VIEW','VILLAGE','VIOLENCE','VISION','VISIT','VISITOR','VITAL','VOICE','VOLUME','VOTE','WAGE','WAIT','WALK','WALL','WANT','WAR','WARM','WARN','WASH','WATCH','WATER','WAVE','WAY','WE','WEAK','WEAPON','WEAR','WEATHER','WEEK','WEEKEND','WEIGHT','WELCOME','WELFARE','WELL','WEST','WESTERN','WHAT','WHATEVER','WHEN','WHERE','WHEREAS','WHETHER','WHICH','WHILE','WHILST','WHITE','WHO','WHOLE','WHOM','WHOSE','WHY','WIDE','WIDELY','WIFE','WILD','WILL','WIN','WIND','WINDOW','WINE','WING','WINNER','WINTER','WISH','WITH','WITHDRAW','WITHIN','WITHOUT','WOMAN','WONDER','WONDERFUL','WOOD','WORD','WORK','WORKER','WORKING','WORKS','WORLD','WORRY','WORTH','WOULD','WRITE','WRITER','WRITING','WRONG','YARD','YEAH','YEAR','YES','YESTERDAY','YET','YOU','YOUNG','YOUR','YOURSELF','YOUTH'];

codedTriangleNumbers(1786);
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
// solution required
```

</section>

Commit message:

fix: improve Project Euler descriptions, challenge seeds, and test cases (#38016)
* fix: improve Project Euler descriptions and test case

Improve formatting of Project Euler test descriptions. Also add poker hands array and new test case for problem 54

* feat: add typeof tests and gave functions proper names for first 100 challenges

* fix: continue fixing test descriptions and adding "before test" sections

* fix: address review comments

* fix: adjust grids in 18 and 67 and fix some text that reference files rather than the given arrays

* fix: implement bug fixes and improvements from review

* fix: remove console.log statements from seed and solution

curriculum/challenges/english/08-coding-interview-prep/project-euler/problem-42-coded-triangle-numbers.english.md, after:

---
id: 5900f3961000cf542c50fea9
challengeType: 5
title: 'Problem 42: Coded triangle numbers'
forumTopicId: 302089
---

## Description
<section id='description'>

The <var>n</var><sup>th</sup> term of the sequence of triangle numbers is given by, <var>t<sub>n</sub></var> = ½<var>n</var>(<var>n</var>+1); so the first ten triangle numbers are:

<div style='margin-left: 4em;'>1, 3, 6, 10, 15, 21, 28, 36, 45, 55, ...</div>

By converting each letter in a word to a number corresponding to its alphabetical position and adding these values we form a word value. For example, the word value for SKY is 19 + 11 + 25 = 55 = <var>t</var><sub>10</sub>. If the word value is a triangle number then we shall call the word a triangle word.

Using words array of `n`-length, how many are triangle words?

</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

</section>

## Tests
<section id='tests'>

```yml
tests:
  - text: <code>codedTriangleNumbers(1400)</code> should return a number.
    testString: assert(typeof codedTriangleNumbers(1400) === 'number');
  - text: <code>codedTriangleNumbers(1400)</code> should return 129.
    testString: assert(codedTriangleNumbers(1400) == 129);
  - text: <code>codedTriangleNumbers(1500)</code> should return 137.
    testString: assert(codedTriangleNumbers(1500) == 137);
  - text: <code>codedTriangleNumbers(1600)</code> should return 141.
    testString: assert(codedTriangleNumbers(1600) == 141);
  - text: <code>codedTriangleNumbers(1786)</code> should return 162.
    testString: assert(codedTriangleNumbers(1786) == 162);

```

</section>

## Challenge Seed
<section id='challengeSeed'>

<div id='js-seed'>

```js
function codedTriangleNumbers(n) {
  // Good luck!
  return 1;
}
// only change code above this line

const words = ['A','ABILITY','ABLE','ABOUT','ABOVE','ABSENCE','ABSOLUTELY','ACADEMIC','ACCEPT','ACCESS','ACCIDENT','ACCOMPANY','ACCORDING','ACCOUNT','ACHIEVE','ACHIEVEMENT','ACID','ACQUIRE','ACROSS','ACT','ACTION','ACTIVE','ACTIVITY','ACTUAL','ACTUALLY','ADD','ADDITION','ADDITIONAL','ADDRESS','ADMINISTRATION','ADMIT','ADOPT','ADULT','ADVANCE','ADVANTAGE','ADVICE','ADVISE','AFFAIR','AFFECT','AFFORD','AFRAID','AFTER','AFTERNOON','AFTERWARDS','AGAIN','AGAINST','AGE','AGENCY','AGENT','AGO','AGREE','AGREEMENT','AHEAD','AID','AIM','AIR','AIRCRAFT','ALL','ALLOW','ALMOST','ALONE','ALONG','ALREADY','ALRIGHT','ALSO','ALTERNATIVE','ALTHOUGH','ALWAYS','AMONG','AMONGST','AMOUNT','AN','ANALYSIS','ANCIENT','AND','ANIMAL','ANNOUNCE','ANNUAL','ANOTHER','ANSWER','ANY','ANYBODY','ANYONE','ANYTHING','ANYWAY','APART','APPARENT','APPARENTLY','APPEAL','APPEAR','APPEARANCE','APPLICATION','APPLY','APPOINT','APPOINTMENT','APPROACH','APPROPRIATE','APPROVE','AREA','ARGUE','ARGUMENT','ARISE','ARM','ARMY','AROUND','ARRANGE','ARRANGEMENT','ARRIVE','ART','ARTICLE','ARTIST','AS','ASK','ASPECT','ASSEMBLY','ASSESS','ASSESSMENT','ASSET','ASSOCIATE','ASSOCIATION','ASSUME','ASSUMPTION','AT','ATMOSPHERE','ATTACH','ATTACK','ATTEMPT','ATTEND','ATTENTION','ATTITUDE','ATTRACT','ATTRACTIVE','AUDIENCE','AUTHOR','AUTHORITY','AVAILABLE','AVERAGE','AVOID','AWARD','AWARE','AWAY','AYE','BABY','BACK','BACKGROUND','BAD','BAG','BALANCE','BALL','BAND','BANK','BAR','BASE','BASIC','BASIS','BATTLE','BE','BEAR','BEAT','BEAUTIFUL','BECAUSE','BECOME','BED','BEDROOM','BEFORE','BEGIN','BEGINNING','BEHAVIOUR','BEHIND','BELIEF','BELIEVE','BELONG','BELOW','BENEATH','BENEFIT','BESIDE','BEST','BETTER','BETWEEN','BEYOND','BIG','BILL','BIND','BIRD','BIRTH','BIT','BLACK','BLOCK','BLOOD','BLOODY','BLOW','BLUE','BOARD','BOAT','BODY','BONE','BOOK','BORDER','BOTH','BOTTLE','BOTTOM','BOX','BOY','BRAIN','BRANCH','BREAK','BREATH','BRIDGE','BRIEF','BRIGHT','BRING','BROAD','BROTHER','BUDGET','BUILD','BUILDING','BURN','BUS','BUSINESS','BUSY','BUT','BUY','BY','CABINET','CALL','CAMPAIGN','CAN','CANDIDATE','CAPABLE','CAPACITY','CAPITAL','CAR','CARD','CARE','CAREER','CAREFUL','CAREFULLY','CARRY','CASE','CASH','CAT','CATCH','CATEGORY','CAUSE','CELL','CENTRAL','CENTRE','CENTURY','CERTAIN','CERTAINLY','CHAIN','CHAIR','CHAIRMAN','CHALLENGE','CHANCE','CHANGE','CHANNEL','CHAPTER','CHARACTER','CHARACTERISTIC','CHARGE','CHEAP','CHECK','CHEMICAL','CHIEF','CHILD','CHOICE','CHOOSE','CHURCH','CIRCLE','CIRCUMSTANCE','CITIZEN','CITY','CIVIL','CLAIM','CLASS','CLEAN','CLEAR','CLEARLY','CLIENT','CLIMB','CLOSE','CLOSELY','CLOTHES','CLUB','COAL','CODE','COFFEE','COLD','COLLEAGUE','COLLECT','COLLECTION','COLLEGE','COLOUR','COMBINATION','COMBINE','COME','COMMENT','COMMERCIAL','COMMISSION','COMMIT','COMMITMENT','COMMITTEE','COMMON','COMMUNICATION','COMMUNITY','COMPANY','COMPARE','COMPARISON','COMPETITION','COMPLETE','COMPLETELY','COMPLEX','COMPONENT','COMPUTER','CONCENTRATE','CONCENTRATION','CONCEPT','CONCERN','CONCERNED','CONCLUDE','CONCLUSION','CONDITION','CONDUCT','CONFERENCE','CONFIDENCE','CONFIRM','CONFLICT','CONGRESS','CONNECT','CONNECTION','CONSEQUENCE','CONSERVATIVE','CONSIDER','CONSIDERABLE','CONSIDERATION','CONSIST','CONSTANT','CONSTRUCTION','CONSUMER','CONTACT','CONTAIN','CONTENT','CONTEXT','CONTINUE','CONTRACT','CONTRAST','CONTRIBUTE','CONTRIBUTION','CONTROL','CONVENTION','CONVERSATION','COPY','CORNER','CORPORATE','CORRECT','COS','COST','COULD','COUNCIL','COUNT','COUNTRY','COUNTY','COUPLE','COURSE','COURT','COVER','CREATE','CREATION','CREDIT','CRIME','CRIMINAL','CRISIS','CRITERION','CRITICAL','CRITICISM','CROSS','CROWD','CRY','CULTURAL','CULTURE','CUP','CURRENT','CURRENTLY','CURRICULUM','CUSTOMER','CUT','DAMAGE','DANGER','DANGEROUS','DARK','DATA','DATE','DAUGHTER','DAY','DEAD','DEAL','DEATH','DEBATE','DEBT','DECADE','DECIDE','DECISION','DECLARE','DEEP','DEFENCE','DEFENDANT','DEFINE','DEFINITION','DEGREE','DELIVER','DEMAND','DEMOCRATIC','DEMONSTRATE','DENY','DEPARTMENT','DEPEND','DEPUTY','DERIVE','DESCRIBE','DESCRIPTION','DESIGN','DESIRE','DESK','DESPITE','DESTROY','DETAIL','DETAILED','DETERMINE','DEVELOP','DEVELOPMENT','DEVICE','DIE','DIFFERENCE','DIFFERENT','DIFFICULT','DIFFICULTY','DINNER','DIRECT','DIRECTION','DIRECTLY','DIRECTOR','DISAPPEAR','DISCIPLINE','DISCOVER','DISCUSS','DISCUSSION','DISEASE','DISPLAY','DISTANCE','DISTINCTION','DISTRIBUTION','DISTRICT','DIVIDE','DIVISION','DO','DOCTOR','DOCUMENT','DOG','DOMESTIC','DOOR','DOUBLE','DOUBT','DOWN','DRAW','DRAWING','DREAM','DRESS','DRINK','DRIVE','DRIVER','DROP','DRUG','DRY','DUE','DURING','DUTY','EACH','EAR','EARLY','EARN','EARTH','EASILY','EAST','EASY','EAT','ECONOMIC','ECONOMY','EDGE','EDITOR','EDUCATION','EDUCATIONAL','EFFECT','EFFECTIVE','EFFECTIVELY','EFFORT','EGG','EITHER','ELDERLY','ELECTION','ELEMENT','ELSE','ELSEWHERE','EMERGE','EMPHASIS','EMPLOY','EMPLOYEE','EMPLOYER','EMPLOYMENT','EMPTY','ENABLE','ENCOURAGE','END','ENEMY','ENERGY','ENGINE','ENGINEERING','ENJOY','ENOUGH','ENSURE','ENTER','ENTERPRISE','ENTIRE','ENTIRELY','ENTITLE','ENTRY','ENVIRONMENT','ENVIRONMENTAL','EQUAL','EQUALLY','EQUIPMENT','ERROR','ESCAPE','ESPECIALLY','ESSENTIAL','ESTABLISH','ESTABLISHMENT','ESTATE','ESTIMATE','EVEN','EVENING','EVENT','EVENTUALLY','EVER','EVERY','EVERYBODY','EVERYONE','EVERYTHING','EVIDENCE','EXACTLY','EXAMINATION','EXAMINE','EXAMPLE','EXCELLENT','EXCEPT','EXCHANGE','EXECUTIVE','EXERCISE','EXHIBITION','EXIST','EXISTENCE','EXISTING','EXPECT','EXPECTATION','EXPENDITURE','EXPENSE','EXPENSIVE','EXPERIENCE','EXPERIMENT','EXPERT','EXPLAIN','EXPLANATION','EXPLORE','EXPRESS','EXPRESSION','EXTEND','EXTENT','EXTERNAL','EXTRA','EXTREMELY','EYE','FACE','FACILITY','FACT','FACTOR','FACTORY','FAIL','FAILURE','FAIR','FAIRLY','FAITH','FALL','FAMILIAR','FAMILY','FAMOUS','FAR','FARM','FARMER','FASHION','FAST','FATHER','FAVOUR','FEAR','FEATURE','FEE','FEEL','FEELING','FEMALE','FEW','FIELD','FIGHT','FIGURE','FILE','FILL','FILM','FINAL','FINALLY','FINANCE','FINANCIAL','FIND','FINDING','FINE','FINGER','FINISH','FIRE','FIRM','FIRST','FISH','FIT','FIX','FLAT','FLIGHT','FLOOR','FLOW','FLOWER','FLY','FOCUS','FOLLOW','FOLLOWING','FOOD','FOOT','FOOTBALL','FOR','FORCE','FOREIGN','FOREST','FORGET','FORM','FORMAL','FORMER','FORWARD','FOUNDATION','FREE','FREEDOM','FREQUENTLY','FRESH','FRIEND','FROM','FRONT','FRUIT','FUEL','FULL','FULLY','FUNCTION','FUND','FUNNY','FURTHER','FUTURE','GAIN','GAME','GARDEN','GAS','GATE','GATHER','GENERAL','GENERALLY','GENERATE','GENERATION','GENTLEMAN','GET','GIRL','GIVE','GLASS','GO','GOAL','GOD','GOLD','GOOD','GOVERNMENT','GRANT','GREAT','GREEN','GREY','GROUND','GROUP','GROW','GROWING','GROWTH','GUEST','GUIDE','GUN','HAIR','HALF','HALL','HAND','HANDLE','HANG','HAPPEN','HAPPY','HARD','HARDLY','HATE','HAVE','HE','HEAD','HEALTH','HEAR','HEART','HEAT','HEAVY','HELL','HELP','HENCE','HER','HERE','HERSELF','HIDE','HIGH','HIGHLY','HILL','HIM','HIMSELF','HIS','HISTORICAL','HISTORY','HIT','HOLD','HOLE','HOLIDAY','HOME','HOPE','HORSE','HOSPITAL','HOT','HOTEL','HOUR','HOUSE','HOUSEHOLD','HOUSING','HOW','HOWEVER','HUGE','HUMAN','HURT','HUSBAND','I','IDEA','IDENTIFY','IF','IGNORE','ILLUSTRATE','IMAGE','IMAGINE','IMMEDIATE','IMMEDIATELY','IMPACT','IMPLICATION','IMPLY','IMPORTANCE','IMPORTANT','IMPOSE','IMPOSSIBLE','IMPRESSION','IMPROVE','IMPROVEMENT','IN','INCIDENT','INCLUDE','INCLUDING','INCOME','INCREASE','INCREASED','INCREASINGLY','INDEED','INDEPENDENT','INDEX','INDICATE','INDIVIDUAL','INDUSTRIAL','INDUSTRY','INFLUENCE','INFORM','INFORMATION','INITIAL','INITIATIVE','INJURY','INSIDE','INSIST','INSTANCE','INSTEAD','INSTITUTE','INSTITUTION','INSTRUCTION','INSTRUMENT','INSURANCE','INTEND','INTENTION','INTEREST','INTERESTED','INTERESTING','INTERNAL','INTERNATIONAL','INTERPRETATION','INTERVIEW','INTO','INTRODUCE','INTRODUCTION','INVESTIGATE','INVESTIGATION','INVESTMENT','INVITE','INVOLVE','IRON','IS','ISLAND','ISSUE','IT','ITEM','ITS','ITSELF','JOB','JOIN','JOINT','JOURNEY','JUDGE','JUMP','JUST','JUSTICE','KEEP','KEY','KID','KILL','KIND','KING','KITCHEN','KNEE','KNOW','KNOWLEDGE','LABOUR','LACK','LADY','LAND','LANGUAGE','LARGE','LARGELY','LAST','LATE','LATER','LATTER','LAUGH','LAUNCH','LAW','LAWYER','LAY','LEAD','LEADER','LEADERSHIP','LEADING','LEAF','LEAGUE','LEAN','LEARN','LEAST','LEAVE','LEFT','LEG','LEGAL','LEGISLATION','LENGTH','LESS','LET','LETTER','LEVEL','LIABILITY','LIBERAL','LIBRARY','LIE','LIFE','LIFT','LIGHT','LIKE','LIKELY','LIMIT','LIMITED','LINE','LINK','LIP','LIST','LISTEN','LITERATURE','LITTLE','LIVE','LIVING','LOAN','LOCAL','LOCATION','LONG','LOOK','LORD','LOSE','LOSS','LOT','LOVE','LOVELY','LOW','LUNCH','MACHINE','MAGAZINE','MAIN','MAINLY','MAINTAIN','MAJOR','MAJORITY','MAKE','MALE','MAN','MANAGE','MANAGEMENT','MANAGER','MANNER','MANY','MAP','MARK','MARKET','MARRIAGE','MARRIED','MARRY','MASS','MASTER','MATCH','MATERIAL','MATTER','MAY','MAYBE','ME','MEAL','MEAN','MEANING','MEANS','MEANWHILE','MEASURE','MECHANISM','MEDIA','MEDICAL','MEET','MEETING','MEMBER','MEMBERSHIP','MEMORY','MENTAL','MENTION','MERELY','MESSAGE','METAL','METHOD','MIDDLE','MIGHT','MILE','MILITARY','MILK','MIND','MINE','MINISTER','MINISTRY','MINUTE','MISS','MISTAKE','MODEL','MODERN','MODULE','MOMENT','MONEY','MONTH','MORE','MORNING','MOST','MOTHER','MOTION','MOTOR','MOUNTAIN','MOUTH','MOVE','MOVEMENT','MUCH','MURDER','MUSEUM','MUSIC','MUST','MY','MYSELF','NAME','NARROW','NATION','NATIONAL','NATURAL','NATURE','NEAR','NEARLY','NECESSARILY','NECESSARY','NECK','NEED','NEGOTIATION','NEIGHBOUR','NEITHER','NETWORK','NEVER','NEVERTHELESS','NEW','NEWS','NEWSPAPER','NEXT','NICE','NIGHT','NO','NOBODY','NOD','NOISE','NONE','NOR','NORMAL','NORMALLY','NORTH','NORTHERN','NOSE','NOT','NOTE','NOTHING','NOTICE','NOTION','NOW','NUCLEAR','NUMBER','NURSE','OBJECT','OBJECTIVE','OBSERVATION','OBSERVE','OBTAIN','OBVIOUS','OBVIOUSLY','OCCASION','OCCUR','ODD','OF','OFF','OFFENCE','OFFER','OFFICE','OFFICER','OFFICIAL','OFTEN','OIL','OKAY','OLD','ON','ONCE','ONE','ONLY','ONTO','OPEN','OPERATE','OPERATION','OPINION','OPPORTUNITY','OPPOSITION','OPTION','OR','ORDER','ORDINARY','ORGANISATION','ORGANISE','ORGANIZATION','ORIGIN','ORIGINAL','OTHER','OTHERWISE','OUGHT','OUR','OURSELVES','OUT','OUTCOME','OUTPUT','OUTSIDE','OVER','OVERALL','OWN','OWNER','PACKAGE','PAGE','PAIN','PAINT','PAINTING','PAIR','PANEL','PAPER','PARENT','PARK','PARLIAMENT','PART','PARTICULAR','PARTICULARLY','PARTLY','PARTNER','PARTY','PASS','PASSAGE','PAST','PATH','PATIENT','PATTERN','PAY','PAYMENT','PEACE','PENSION','PEOPLE','PER','PERCENT','PERFECT','PERFORM','PERFORMANCE','PERHAPS','PERIOD','PERMANENT','PERSON','PERSONAL','PERSUADE','PHASE','PHONE','PHOTOGRAPH','PHYSICAL','PICK','PICTURE','PIECE','PLACE','PLAN','PLANNING','PLANT','PLASTIC','PLATE','PLAY','PLAYER','PLEASE','PLEASURE','PLENTY','PLUS','POCKET','POINT','POLICE','POLICY','POLITICAL','POLITICS','POOL','POOR','POPULAR','POPULATION','POSITION','POSITIVE','POSSIBILITY','POSSIBLE','POSSIBLY','POST','POTENTIAL','POUND','POWER','POWERFUL','PRACTICAL','PRACTICE','PREFER','PREPARE','PRESENCE','PRESENT','PRESIDENT','PRESS','PRESSURE','PRETTY','PREVENT','PREVIOUS','PREVIOUSLY','PRICE','PRIMARY','PRIME','PRINCIPLE','PRIORITY','PRISON','PRISONER','PRIVATE','PROBABLY','PROBLEM','PROCEDURE','PROCESS','PRODUCE','PRODUCT','PRODUCTION','PROFESSIONAL','PROFIT','PROGRAM','PROGRAMME','PROGRESS','PROJECT','PROMISE','PROMOTE','PROPER','PROPERLY','PROPERTY','PROPORTION','PROPOSE','PROPOSAL','PROSPECT','PROTECT','PROTECTION','PROVE','PROVIDE','PROVIDED','PROVISION','PUB','PUBLIC','PUBLICATION','PUBLISH','PULL','PUPIL','PURPOSE','PUSH','PUT','QUALITY','QUARTER','QUESTION','QUICK','QUICKLY','QUIET','QUITE','RACE','RADIO','RAILWAY','RAIN','RAISE','RANGE','RAPIDLY','RARE','RATE','RATHER','REACH','REACTION','READ','READER','READING','READY','REAL','REALISE','REALITY','REALIZE','REALLY','REASON','REASONABLE','RECALL','RECEIVE','RECENT','RECENTLY','RECOGNISE','RECOGNITION','RECOGNIZE','RECOMMEND','RECORD','RECOVER','RED','REDUCE','REDUCTION','REFER','REFERENCE','REFLECT','REFORM','REFUSE','REGARD','REGION','REGIONAL','REGULAR','REGULATION','REJECT','RELATE','RELATION','RELATIONSHIP','RELATIVE','RELATIVELY','RELEASE','RELEVANT','RELIEF','RELIGION','RELIGIOUS','RELY','REMAIN','REMEMBER','REMIND','REMOVE','REPEAT','REPLACE','REPLY','REPORT','REPRESENT','REPRESENTATION','REPRESENTATIVE','REQUEST','REQUIRE','REQUIREMENT','RESEARCH','RESOURCE','RESPECT','RESPOND','RESPONSE','RESPONSIBILITY','RESPONSIBLE','REST','RESTAURANT','RESULT','RETAIN','RETURN','REVEAL','REVENUE','REVIEW','REVOLUTION','RICH','RIDE','RIGHT','RING','RISE','RISK','RIVER','ROAD','ROCK','ROLE','ROLL','ROOF','ROOM','ROUND','ROUTE','ROW','ROYAL','RULE','RUN','RURAL','SAFE','SAFETY','SALE','SAME','SAMPLE','SATISFY','SAVE','SAY','SCALE','SCENE','SCHEME','SCHOOL','SCIENCE','SCIENTIFIC','SCIENTIST','SCORE','SCREEN','SEA','SEARCH','SEASON','SEAT','SECOND','SECONDARY','SECRETARY','SECTION','SECTOR','SECURE','SECURITY','SEE','SEEK','SEEM','SELECT','SELECTION','SELL','SEND','SENIOR','SENSE','SENTENCE','SEPARATE','SEQUENCE','SERIES','SERIOUS','SERIOUSLY','SERVANT','SERVE','SERVICE','SESSION','SET','SETTLE','SETTLEMENT','SEVERAL','SEVERE','SEX','SEXUAL','SHAKE','SHALL','SHAPE','SHARE','SHE','SHEET','SHIP','SHOE','SHOOT','SHOP','SHORT','SHOT','SHOULD','SHOULDER','SHOUT','SHOW','SHUT','SIDE','SIGHT','SIGN','SIGNAL','SIGNIFICANCE','SIGNIFICANT','SILENCE','SIMILAR','SIMPLE','SIMPLY','SINCE','SING','SINGLE','SIR','SISTER','SIT','SITE','SITUATION','SIZE','SKILL','SKIN','SKY','SLEEP','SLIGHTLY','SLIP','SLOW','SLOWLY','SMALL','SMILE','SO','SOCIAL','SOCIETY','SOFT','SOFTWARE','SOIL','SOLDIER','SOLICITOR','SOLUTION','SOME','SOMEBODY','SOMEONE','SOMETHING','SOMETIMES','SOMEWHAT','SOMEWHERE','SON','SONG','SOON','SORRY','SORT','SOUND','SOURCE','SOUTH','SOUTHERN','SPACE','SPEAK','SPEAKER','SPECIAL','SPECIES','SPECIFIC','SPEECH','SPEED','SPEND','SPIRIT','SPORT','SPOT','SPREAD','SPRING','STAFF','STAGE','STAND','STANDARD','STAR','START','STATE','STATEMENT','STATION','STATUS','STAY','STEAL','STEP','STICK','STILL','STOCK','STONE','STOP','STORE','STORY','STRAIGHT','STRANGE','STRATEGY','STREET','STRENGTH','STRIKE','STRONG','STRONGLY','STRUCTURE','STUDENT','STUDIO','STUDY','STUFF','STYLE','SUBJECT','SUBSTANTIAL','SUCCEED','SUCCESS','SUCCESSFUL','SUCH','SUDDENLY','SUFFER','SUFFICIENT','SUGGEST','SUGGESTION','SUITABLE','SUM','SUMMER','SUN','SUPPLY','SUPPORT','SUPPOSE','SURE','SURELY','SURFACE','SURPRISE','SURROUND','SURVEY','SURVIVE','SWITCH','SYSTEM','TABLE','TAKE','TALK','TALL','TAPE','TARGET','TASK','TAX','TEA','TEACH','TEACHER','TEACHING','TEAM','TEAR','TECHNICAL','TECHNIQUE','TECHNOLOGY','TELEPHONE','TELEVISION','TELL','TEMPERATURE','TEND','TERM','TERMS','TERRIBLE','TEST','TEXT','THAN','THANK','THANKS','THAT','THE','THEATRE','THEIR','THEM','THEME','THEMSELVES','THEN','THEORY','THERE','THEREFORE','THESE','THEY','THIN','THING','THINK','THIS','THOSE','THOUGH','THOUGHT','THREAT','THREATEN','THROUGH','THROUGHOUT','THROW','THUS','TICKET','TIME','TINY','TITLE','TO','TODAY','TOGETHER','TOMORROW','TONE','TONIGHT','TOO','TOOL','TOOTH','TOP','TOTAL','TOTALLY','TOUCH','TOUR','TOWARDS','TOWN','TRACK','TRADE','TRADITION','TRADITIONAL','TRAFFIC','TRAIN','TRAINING','TRANSFER','TRANSPORT','TRAVEL','TREAT','TREATMENT','TREATY','TREE','TREND','TRIAL','TRIP','TROOP','TROUBLE','TRUE','TRUST','TRUTH','TRY','TURN','TWICE','TYPE','TYPICAL','UNABLE','UNDER','UNDERSTAND','UNDERSTANDING','UNDERTAKE','UNEMPLOYMENT','UNFORTUNATELY','UNION','UNIT','UNITED','UNIVERSITY','UNLESS','UNLIKELY','UNTIL','UP','UPON','UPPER','URBAN','US','USE','USED','USEFUL','USER','USUAL','USUALLY','VALUE','VARIATION','VARIETY','VARIOUS','VARY','VAST','VEHICLE','VERSION','VERY','VIA','VICTIM','VICTORY','VIDEO','VIEW','VILLAGE','VIOLENCE','VISION','VISIT','VISITOR','VITAL','VOICE','VOLUME','VOTE','WAGE','WAIT','WALK','WALL','WANT','WAR','WARM','WARN','WASH','WATCH','WATER','WAVE','WAY','WE','WEAK','WEAPON','WEAR','WEATHER','WEEK','WEEKEND','WEIGHT','WELCOME','WELFARE','WELL','WEST','WESTERN','WHAT','WHATEVER','WHEN','WHERE','WHEREAS','WHETHER','WHICH','WHILE','WHILST','WHITE','WHO','WHOLE','WHOM','WHOSE','WHY','WIDE','WIDELY','WIFE','WILD','WILL','WIN','WIND','WINDOW','WINE','WING','WINNER','WINTER','WISH','WITH','WITHDRAW','WITHIN','WITHOUT','WOMAN','WONDER','WONDERFUL','WOOD','WORD','WORK','WORKER','WORKING','WORKS','WORLD','WORRY','WORTH','WOULD','WRITE','WRITER','WRITING','WRONG','YARD','YEAH','YEAR','YES','YESTERDAY','YET','YOU','YOUNG','YOUR','YOURSELF','YOUTH'];

codedTriangleNumbers(1786);
```

</div>



</section>

## Solution
<section id='solution'>

```js
// solution required
```

</section>
