curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-grid/place-items-in-grid-areas-using-the-grid-area-property.md, before:

---
id: 5a94fe1369fb03452672e45d
title: Place Items in Grid Areas Using the grid-area Property
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pByETK/cRrqmtV'
forumTopicId: 301132
---

# --description--

After creating an area's template for your grid container, as shown in the previous challenge, you can place an item in your custom area by referencing the name you gave it. To do this, you use the `grid-area` property on an item like this:

```css
.item1 {
  grid-area: header;
}
```

This lets the grid know that you want the `item1` class to go in the area named `header`. In this case, the item will use the entire top row because that whole row is named as the header area.

# --instructions--

Place an element with the `item5` class in the `footer` area using the `grid-area` property.

# --hints--

`item5` class should have a `grid-area` property that has the value of `footer`.

```js
assert(
  __helpers
    .removeCssComments(code)
    .match(/.item5\s*?{[\s\S]*grid-area\s*?:\s*?footer\s*?;[\s\S]*}/gi)
);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  .item1{background:LightSkyBlue;}
  .item2{background:LightSalmon;}
  .item3{background:PaleTurquoise;}
  .item4{background:LightPink;}

  .item5 {
    background: PaleGreen;
    /* Only change code below this line */

    
    /* Only change code above this line */
  }

  .container {
    font-size: 40px;
    min-height: 300px;
    width: 100%;
    background: LightGray;
    display: grid;
    grid-template-columns: 1fr 1fr 1fr;
    grid-template-rows: 1fr 1fr 1fr;
    grid-gap: 10px;
    grid-template-areas:
      "header header header"
      "advert content content"
      "footer footer footer";
  }
</style>

<div class="container">
  <div class="item1">1</div>
  <div class="item2">2</div>
  <div class="item3">3</div>
  <div class="item4">4</div>
  <div class="item5">5</div>
</div>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>.item5 {grid-area: footer;}</style>
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-grid/place-items-in-grid-areas-using-the-grid-area-property.md, after:

---
id: 5a94fe1369fb03452672e45d
title: Place Items in Grid Areas Using the grid-area Property
challengeType: 0
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/p/pByETK/cRrqmtV'
forumTopicId: 301132
dashedName: place-items-in-grid-areas-using-the-grid-area-property
---

# --description--

After creating an area's template for your grid container, as shown in the previous challenge, you can place an item in your custom area by referencing the name you gave it. To do this, you use the `grid-area` property on an item like this:

```css
.item1 {
  grid-area: header;
}
```

This lets the grid know that you want the `item1` class to go in the area named `header`. In this case, the item will use the entire top row because that whole row is named as the header area.

# --instructions--

Place an element with the `item5` class in the `footer` area using the `grid-area` property.

# --hints--

`item5` class should have a `grid-area` property that has the value of `footer`.

```js
assert(
  __helpers
    .removeCssComments(code)
    .match(/.item5\s*?{[\s\S]*grid-area\s*?:\s*?footer\s*?;[\s\S]*}/gi)
);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<style>
  .item1{background:LightSkyBlue;}
  .item2{background:LightSalmon;}
  .item3{background:PaleTurquoise;}
  .item4{background:LightPink;}

  .item5 {
    background: PaleGreen;
    /* Only change code below this line */

    
    /* Only change code above this line */
  }

  .container {
    font-size: 40px;
    min-height: 300px;
    width: 100%;
    background: LightGray;
    display: grid;
    grid-template-columns: 1fr 1fr 1fr;
    grid-template-rows: 1fr 1fr 1fr;
    grid-gap: 10px;
    grid-template-areas:
      "header header header"
      "advert content content"
      "footer footer footer";
  }
</style>

<div class="container">
  <div class="item1">1</div>
  <div class="item2">2</div>
  <div class="item3">3</div>
  <div class="item4">4</div>
  <div class="item5">5</div>
</div>
```

# --solutions--

```html
<style>.item5 {grid-area: footer;}</style>
```
