curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/object-oriented-programming/understand-where-an-objects-prototype-comes-from.md, before:

---
id: 587d7db0367417b2b2512b81
title: Understand Where an Object’s Prototype Comes From
challengeType: 1
forumTopicId: 301330
---

# --description--

Just like people inherit genes from their parents, an object inherits its `prototype` directly from the constructor function that created it. For example, here the `Bird` constructor creates the `duck` object:

```js
function Bird(name) {
  this.name = name;
}

let duck = new Bird("Donald");
```

`duck` inherits its `prototype` from the `Bird` constructor function. You can show this relationship with the `isPrototypeOf` method:

```js
Bird.prototype.isPrototypeOf(duck);
// returns true
```

# --instructions--

Use `isPrototypeOf` to check the `prototype` of `beagle`.

# --hints--

You should show that `Dog.prototype` is the `prototype` of `beagle`

```js
assert(/Dog\.prototype\.isPrototypeOf\(beagle\)/.test(code));
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function Dog(name) {
  this.name = name;
}

let beagle = new Dog("Snoopy");

// Only change code below this line
```

# --solutions--

```js
function Dog(name) {
  this.name = name;
}
let beagle = new Dog("Snoopy");
Dog.prototype.isPrototypeOf(beagle);
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/object-oriented-programming/understand-where-an-objects-prototype-comes-from.md, after:

---
id: 587d7db0367417b2b2512b81
title: Understand Where an Object’s Prototype Comes From
challengeType: 1
forumTopicId: 301330
dashedName: understand-where-an-objects-prototype-comes-from
---

# --description--

Just like people inherit genes from their parents, an object inherits its `prototype` directly from the constructor function that created it. For example, here the `Bird` constructor creates the `duck` object:

```js
function Bird(name) {
  this.name = name;
}

let duck = new Bird("Donald");
```

`duck` inherits its `prototype` from the `Bird` constructor function. You can show this relationship with the `isPrototypeOf` method:

```js
Bird.prototype.isPrototypeOf(duck);
// returns true
```

# --instructions--

Use `isPrototypeOf` to check the `prototype` of `beagle`.

# --hints--

You should show that `Dog.prototype` is the `prototype` of `beagle`

```js
assert(/Dog\.prototype\.isPrototypeOf\(beagle\)/.test(code));
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function Dog(name) {
  this.name = name;
}

let beagle = new Dog("Snoopy");

// Only change code below this line
```

# --solutions--

```js
function Dog(name) {
  this.name = name;
}
let beagle = new Dog("Snoopy");
Dog.prototype.isPrototypeOf(beagle);
```
