curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/redux/get-state-from-the-redux-store.md, before:

---
id: 5a24c314108439a4d403614c
title: Get State from the Redux Store
challengeType: 6
forumTopicId: 301443
---

# --description--

The Redux store object provides several methods that allow you to interact with it. For example, you can retrieve the current `state` held in the Redux store object with the `getState()` method.

# --instructions--

The code from the previous challenge is re-written more concisely in the code editor. Use `store.getState()` to retrieve the `state` from the `store`, and assign this to a new variable `currentState`.

# --hints--

The redux store should have a value of 5 for the initial state.

```js
assert(store.getState() === 5);
```

A variable `currentState` should exist and should be assigned the current state of the Redux store.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  assert(
    currentState === 5 && getUserInput('index').includes('store.getState()')
  );
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
const store = Redux.createStore(
  (state = 5) => state
);

// Change code below this line
```

# --solutions--

```js
const store = Redux.createStore(
  (state = 5) => state
);

// Change code below this line
const currentState = store.getState();
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/redux/get-state-from-the-redux-store.md, after:

---
id: 5a24c314108439a4d403614c
title: Get State from the Redux Store
challengeType: 6
forumTopicId: 301443
dashedName: get-state-from-the-redux-store
---

# --description--

The Redux store object provides several methods that allow you to interact with it. For example, you can retrieve the current `state` held in the Redux store object with the `getState()` method.

# --instructions--

The code from the previous challenge is re-written more concisely in the code editor. Use `store.getState()` to retrieve the `state` from the `store`, and assign this to a new variable `currentState`.

# --hints--

The redux store should have a value of 5 for the initial state.

```js
assert(store.getState() === 5);
```

A variable `currentState` should exist and should be assigned the current state of the Redux store.

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  assert(
    currentState === 5 && getUserInput('index').includes('store.getState()')
  );
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
const store = Redux.createStore(
  (state = 5) => state
);

// Change code below this line
```

# --solutions--

```js
const store = Redux.createStore(
  (state = 5) => state
);

// Change code below this line
const currentState = store.getState();
```
