curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/redux/remove-an-item-from-an-array.md, before:

---
id: 5a24c314108439a4d403615a
title: Remove an Item from an Array
challengeType: 6
forumTopicId: 301447
---

# --description--

Time to practice removing items from an array. The spread operator can be used here as well. Other useful JavaScript methods include `slice()` and `concat()`.

# --instructions--

The reducer and action creator were modified to remove an item from an array based on the index of the item. Finish writing the reducer so a new state array is returned with the item at the specific index removed.

# --hints--

The Redux store should exist and initialize with a state equal to `[0,1,2,3,4,5]`

```js
assert(
  (function () {
    const initialState = store.getState();
    return (
      Array.isArray(initialState) === true &&
      DeepEqual(initialState, [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5])
    );
  })()
);
```

`removeItem` and `immutableReducer` both should be functions.

```js
assert(
  typeof removeItem === 'function' && typeof immutableReducer === 'function'
);
```

Dispatching the `removeItem` action creator should remove items from the state and should NOT mutate state.

```js
assert(
  (function () {
    const initialState = store.getState();
    const isFrozen = DeepFreeze(initialState);
    store.dispatch(removeItem(3));
    const state_1 = store.getState();
    store.dispatch(removeItem(2));
    const state_2 = store.getState();
    store.dispatch(removeItem(0));
    store.dispatch(removeItem(0));
    store.dispatch(removeItem(0));
    const state_3 = store.getState();
    return (
      isFrozen &&
      DeepEqual(state_1, [0, 1, 2, 4, 5]) &&
      DeepEqual(state_2, [0, 1, 4, 5]) &&
      DeepEqual(state_3, [5])
    );
  })()
);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
const immutableReducer = (state = [0,1,2,3,4,5], action) => {
  switch(action.type) {
    case 'REMOVE_ITEM':
      // Don't mutate state here or the tests will fail
      return
    default:
      return state;
  }
};

const removeItem = (index) => {
  return {
    type: 'REMOVE_ITEM',
    index
  }
}

const store = Redux.createStore(immutableReducer);
```

# --solutions--

```js
const immutableReducer = (state = [0,1,2,3,4,5], action) => {
  switch(action.type) {
    case 'REMOVE_ITEM':
      return [
        ...state.slice(0, action.index),
        ...state.slice(action.index + 1)
      ];
    default:
      return state;
  }
};

const removeItem = (index) => {
  return {
    type: 'REMOVE_ITEM',
    index
  }
}

const store = Redux.createStore(immutableReducer);
```

Commit message:

feat(curriculum): restore seed + solution to Chinese (#40683)
* feat(tools): add seed/solution restore script

* chore(curriculum): remove empty sections' markers

* chore(curriculum): add seed + solution to Chinese

* chore: remove old formatter

* fix: update getChallenges

parse translated challenges separately, without reference to the source

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to English

* chore(curriculum): add dashedName to Chinese

* refactor: remove unused challenge property 'name'

* fix: relax dashedName requirement

* fix: stray tag

Remove stray `pre` tag from challenge file.

Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/03-front-end-libraries/redux/remove-an-item-from-an-array.md, after:

---
id: 5a24c314108439a4d403615a
title: Remove an Item from an Array
challengeType: 6
forumTopicId: 301447
dashedName: remove-an-item-from-an-array
---

# --description--

Time to practice removing items from an array. The spread operator can be used here as well. Other useful JavaScript methods include `slice()` and `concat()`.

# --instructions--

The reducer and action creator were modified to remove an item from an array based on the index of the item. Finish writing the reducer so a new state array is returned with the item at the specific index removed.

# --hints--

The Redux store should exist and initialize with a state equal to `[0,1,2,3,4,5]`

```js
assert(
  (function () {
    const initialState = store.getState();
    return (
      Array.isArray(initialState) === true &&
      DeepEqual(initialState, [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5])
    );
  })()
);
```

`removeItem` and `immutableReducer` both should be functions.

```js
assert(
  typeof removeItem === 'function' && typeof immutableReducer === 'function'
);
```

Dispatching the `removeItem` action creator should remove items from the state and should NOT mutate state.

```js
assert(
  (function () {
    const initialState = store.getState();
    const isFrozen = DeepFreeze(initialState);
    store.dispatch(removeItem(3));
    const state_1 = store.getState();
    store.dispatch(removeItem(2));
    const state_2 = store.getState();
    store.dispatch(removeItem(0));
    store.dispatch(removeItem(0));
    store.dispatch(removeItem(0));
    const state_3 = store.getState();
    return (
      isFrozen &&
      DeepEqual(state_1, [0, 1, 2, 4, 5]) &&
      DeepEqual(state_2, [0, 1, 4, 5]) &&
      DeepEqual(state_3, [5])
    );
  })()
);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
const immutableReducer = (state = [0,1,2,3,4,5], action) => {
  switch(action.type) {
    case 'REMOVE_ITEM':
      // Don't mutate state here or the tests will fail
      return
    default:
      return state;
  }
};

const removeItem = (index) => {
  return {
    type: 'REMOVE_ITEM',
    index
  }
}

const store = Redux.createStore(immutableReducer);
```

# --solutions--

```js
const immutableReducer = (state = [0,1,2,3,4,5], action) => {
  switch(action.type) {
    case 'REMOVE_ITEM':
      return [
        ...state.slice(0, action.index),
        ...state.slice(action.index + 1)
      ];
    default:
      return state;
  }
};

const removeItem = (index) => {
  return {
    type: 'REMOVE_ITEM',
    index
  }
}

const store = Redux.createStore(immutableReducer);
```
