curriculum/challenges/english/08-data-analysis-with-python/data-analysis-with-python-projects/mean-variance-standard-deviation-calculator.md, before:

---
id: 5e46f7e5ac417301a38fb928
title: Mean-Variance-Standard Deviation Calculator
challengeType: 10
forumTopicId: 462366
dashedName: mean-variance-standard-deviation-calculator
---

# --description--

You will be <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mean-variance-standard-deviation-calculator" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">working on this project with our Replit starter code</a>.

We are still developing the interactive instructional part of the Python curriculum. For now, here are some videos on the freeCodeCamp.org YouTube channel that will teach you everything you need to know to complete this project:

- <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/python-for-everybody/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Python for Everybody Video Course</a>(14 hours)
- <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-python-video-course/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Learn Python Video Course</a>

# --instructions--

Create a function named `calculate()` in `mean_var_std.py` that uses Numpy to output the mean, variance, standard deviation, max, min, and sum of the rows, columns, and elements in a 3 x 3 matrix.

The input of the function should be a list containing 9 digits. The function should convert the list into a 3 x 3 Numpy array, and then return a dictionary containing the mean, variance, standard deviation, max, min, and sum along both axes and for the flattened matrix.

The returned dictionary should follow this format:

```py
{
  'mean': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'variance': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'standard deviation': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'max': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'min': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'sum': [axis1, axis2, flattened]
}
```

If a list containing less than 9 elements is passed into the function, it should raise a `ValueError` exception with the message: "List must contain nine numbers." The values in the returned dictionary should be lists and not Numpy arrays.

For example, `calculate([0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8])` should return:

```py
{
  'mean': [[3.0, 4.0, 5.0], [1.0, 4.0, 7.0], 4.0],
  'variance': [[6.0, 6.0, 6.0], [0.6666666666666666, 0.6666666666666666, 0.6666666666666666], 6.666666666666667],
  'standard deviation': [[2.449489742783178, 2.449489742783178, 2.449489742783178], [0.816496580927726, 0.816496580927726, 0.816496580927726], 2.581988897471611],
  'max': [[6, 7, 8], [2, 5, 8], 8],
  'min': [[0, 1, 2], [0, 3, 6], 0],
  'sum': [[9, 12, 15], [3, 12, 21], 36]
}
```

The unit tests for this project are in `test_module.py`.

## Development

For development, you can use `main.py` to test your `calculate()` function. Click the "run" button and `main.py` will run.

## Testing

We imported the tests from `test_module.py` to `main.py` for your convenience. The tests will run automatically whenever you hit the "run" button.

## Submitting

Copy your project's URL and submit it to freeCodeCamp.

# --hints--

It should pass all Python tests.

```js

```

# --solutions--

```py
  # Python challenges don't need solutions,
  # because they would need to be tested against a full working project.
  # Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): dead links in data analyzer python (#47201)
* fix(curriculum): dead links

Co-authored-by: mmatsumoto1026 <mmatsumoto1026@gmail.com>

* Changed the link text

* added 10 hours to links that don't have them

* added advance python course article and consistance space

* Switch the link to learn the basic of python

* Fix links' text format

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: mmatsumoto1026 <mmatsumoto1026@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/08-data-analysis-with-python/data-analysis-with-python-projects/mean-variance-standard-deviation-calculator.md, after:

---
id: 5e46f7e5ac417301a38fb928
title: Mean-Variance-Standard Deviation Calculator
challengeType: 10
forumTopicId: 462366
dashedName: mean-variance-standard-deviation-calculator
---

# --description--

You will be <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-mean-variance-standard-deviation-calculator" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">working on this project with our Replit starter code</a>.

We are still developing the interactive instructional part of the Python curriculum. For now, here are some videos on the freeCodeCamp.org YouTube channel that will teach you everything you need to know to complete this project:

- <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/python-for-everybody/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Python for Everybody Video Course</a>(14 hours)

- <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-analyze-data-with-python-pandas/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">How to Analyze Data with Python Pandas</a> (10 hours)

# --instructions--

Create a function named `calculate()` in `mean_var_std.py` that uses Numpy to output the mean, variance, standard deviation, max, min, and sum of the rows, columns, and elements in a 3 x 3 matrix.

The input of the function should be a list containing 9 digits. The function should convert the list into a 3 x 3 Numpy array, and then return a dictionary containing the mean, variance, standard deviation, max, min, and sum along both axes and for the flattened matrix.

The returned dictionary should follow this format:

```py
{
  'mean': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'variance': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'standard deviation': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'max': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'min': [axis1, axis2, flattened],
  'sum': [axis1, axis2, flattened]
}
```

If a list containing less than 9 elements is passed into the function, it should raise a `ValueError` exception with the message: "List must contain nine numbers." The values in the returned dictionary should be lists and not Numpy arrays.

For example, `calculate([0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8])` should return:

```py
{
  'mean': [[3.0, 4.0, 5.0], [1.0, 4.0, 7.0], 4.0],
  'variance': [[6.0, 6.0, 6.0], [0.6666666666666666, 0.6666666666666666, 0.6666666666666666], 6.666666666666667],
  'standard deviation': [[2.449489742783178, 2.449489742783178, 2.449489742783178], [0.816496580927726, 0.816496580927726, 0.816496580927726], 2.581988897471611],
  'max': [[6, 7, 8], [2, 5, 8], 8],
  'min': [[0, 1, 2], [0, 3, 6], 0],
  'sum': [[9, 12, 15], [3, 12, 21], 36]
}
```

The unit tests for this project are in `test_module.py`.

## Development

For development, you can use `main.py` to test your `calculate()` function. Click the "run" button and `main.py` will run.

## Testing

We imported the tests from `test_module.py` to `main.py` for your convenience. The tests will run automatically whenever you hit the "run" button.

## Submitting

Copy your project's URL and submit it to freeCodeCamp.

# --hints--

It should pass all Python tests.

```js

```

# --solutions--

```py
  # Python challenges don't need solutions,
  # because they would need to be tested against a full working project.
  # Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
```
