curriculum/challenges/english/08-data-analysis-with-python/data-analysis-with-python-projects/page-view-time-series-visualizer.md, before:

---
id: 5e46f802ac417301a38fb92b
title: Page View Time Series Visualizer
challengeType: 10
forumTopicId: 462369
dashedName: page-view-time-series-visualizer
---

# --description--

You will be <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-page-view-time-series-visualizer" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">working on this project with our Replit starter code</a>.

We are still developing the interactive instructional part of the Python curriculum. For now, here are some videos on the freeCodeCamp.org YouTube channel that will teach you everything you need to know to complete this project:

- <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/python-for-everybody/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Python for Everybody Video Course</a>(14 hours)
- <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-python-video-course/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Learn Python Video Course</a>

# --instructions--

For this project you will visualize time series data using a line chart, bar chart, and box plots. You will use Pandas, Matplotlib, and Seaborn to visualize a dataset containing the number of page views each day on the freeCodeCamp.org forum from 2016-05-09 to 2019-12-03. The data visualizations will help you understand the patterns in visits and identify yearly and monthly growth.

Use the data to complete the following tasks:

- Use Pandas to import the data from "fcc-forum-pageviews.csv". Set the index to the `date` column.
- Clean the data by filtering out days when the page views were in the top 2.5% of the dataset or bottom 2.5% of the dataset.
- Create a `draw_line_plot` function that uses Matplotlib to draw a line chart similar to "examples/Figure_1.png". The title should be `Daily freeCodeCamp Forum Page Views 5/2016-12/2019`. The label on the x axis should be `Date` and the label on the y axis should be `Page Views`.
- Create a `draw_bar_plot` function that draws a bar chart similar to "examples/Figure_2.png". It should show average daily page views for each month grouped by year. The legend should show month labels and have a title of `Months`. On the chart, the label on the x axis should be `Years` and the label on the y axis should be `Average Page Views`.
- Create a `draw_box_plot` function that uses Seaborn to draw two adjacent box plots similar to "examples/Figure_3.png". These box plots should show how the values are distributed within a given year or month and how it compares over time. The title of the first chart should be `Year-wise Box Plot (Trend)` and the title of the second chart should be `Month-wise Box Plot (Seasonality)`. Make sure the month labels on bottom start at `Jan` and the x and y axis are labeled correctly. The boilerplate includes commands to prepare the data.

For each chart, make sure to use a copy of the data frame. Unit tests are written for you under `test_module.py`.

The boilerplate also includes commands to save and return the image.

## Development

For development, you can use `main.py` to test your functions. Click the "run" button and `main.py` will run.

## Testing

We imported the tests from `test_module.py` to `main.py` for your convenience. The tests will run automatically whenever you hit the "run" button.

## Submitting

Copy your project's URL and submit it to freeCodeCamp.

# --hints--

It should pass all Python tests.

```js

```

# --solutions--

```py
  # Python challenges don't need solutions,
  # because they would need to be tested against a full working project.
  # Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): dead links in data analyzer python (#47201)
* fix(curriculum): dead links

Co-authored-by: mmatsumoto1026 <mmatsumoto1026@gmail.com>

* Changed the link text

* added 10 hours to links that don't have them

* added advance python course article and consistance space

* Switch the link to learn the basic of python

* Fix links' text format

Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: mmatsumoto1026 <mmatsumoto1026@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Tom <20648924+moT01@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/08-data-analysis-with-python/data-analysis-with-python-projects/page-view-time-series-visualizer.md, after:

---
id: 5e46f802ac417301a38fb92b
title: Page View Time Series Visualizer
challengeType: 10
forumTopicId: 462369
dashedName: page-view-time-series-visualizer
---

# --description--

You will be <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-page-view-time-series-visualizer" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">working on this project with our Replit starter code</a>.

We are still developing the interactive instructional part of the Python curriculum. For now, here are some videos on the freeCodeCamp.org YouTube channel that will teach you everything you need to know to complete this project:

- <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/python-for-everybody/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Python for Everybody Video Course</a>(14 hours)

- <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-analyze-data-with-python-pandas/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">How to Analyze Data with Python Pandas</a> (10 hours)

# --instructions--

For this project you will visualize time series data using a line chart, bar chart, and box plots. You will use Pandas, Matplotlib, and Seaborn to visualize a dataset containing the number of page views each day on the freeCodeCamp.org forum from 2016-05-09 to 2019-12-03. The data visualizations will help you understand the patterns in visits and identify yearly and monthly growth.

Use the data to complete the following tasks:

- Use Pandas to import the data from "fcc-forum-pageviews.csv". Set the index to the `date` column.
- Clean the data by filtering out days when the page views were in the top 2.5% of the dataset or bottom 2.5% of the dataset.
- Create a `draw_line_plot` function that uses Matplotlib to draw a line chart similar to "examples/Figure_1.png". The title should be `Daily freeCodeCamp Forum Page Views 5/2016-12/2019`. The label on the x axis should be `Date` and the label on the y axis should be `Page Views`.
- Create a `draw_bar_plot` function that draws a bar chart similar to "examples/Figure_2.png". It should show average daily page views for each month grouped by year. The legend should show month labels and have a title of `Months`. On the chart, the label on the x axis should be `Years` and the label on the y axis should be `Average Page Views`.
- Create a `draw_box_plot` function that uses Seaborn to draw two adjacent box plots similar to "examples/Figure_3.png". These box plots should show how the values are distributed within a given year or month and how it compares over time. The title of the first chart should be `Year-wise Box Plot (Trend)` and the title of the second chart should be `Month-wise Box Plot (Seasonality)`. Make sure the month labels on bottom start at `Jan` and the x and y axis are labeled correctly. The boilerplate includes commands to prepare the data.

For each chart, make sure to use a copy of the data frame. Unit tests are written for you under `test_module.py`.

The boilerplate also includes commands to save and return the image.

## Development

For development, you can use `main.py` to test your functions. Click the "run" button and `main.py` will run.

## Testing

We imported the tests from `test_module.py` to `main.py` for your convenience. The tests will run automatically whenever you hit the "run" button.

## Submitting

Copy your project's URL and submit it to freeCodeCamp.

# --hints--

It should pass all Python tests.

```js

```

# --solutions--

```py
  # Python challenges don't need solutions,
  # because they would need to be tested against a full working project.
  # Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
```
