curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-projects/secure-real-time-multiplayer-game.md, before:

---
id: 5e601c775ac9d0ecd8b94aff
title: Secure Real Time Multiplayer Game
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 462375
dashedName: secure-real-time-multiplayer-game
---

# --description--

Develop a 2D real time multiplayer game using the HTML Canvas API and Socket.io that is functionally similar to this: <a href="https://secure-real-time-multiplayer-game.freecodecamp.rocks/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://secure-real-time-multiplayer-game.freecodecamp.rocks/</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

-   Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-secure-real-time-multiplayer-game/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
-   Use <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-secure-real-time-multiplayer-game" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">our Replit starter project</a> to complete your project.
-   Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --instructions--

Create a secure multiplayer game in which each player can move their avatar, there is at least one collectible item, and the rank of the players is calculated based on their score.

For details consult the tests below.

Make sure that your game is secure! Include these security measures:

- The client should not be able to guess/sniff the MIME type
- Prevent XSS attacks
- Do not cache anything from the website in the client
- The headers say that the site is powered by `PHP 7.4.3`

**Note**: `helmet@^3.21.3` is needed for the user stories. This means you will need to use the previous version of Helmet's docs, for information on how to achieve the user stories.

# --hints--

You can provide your own project, not the example URL.

```js
(getUserInput) => {
  assert(
    !/.*\/secure-real-time-multiplayer-game\.freecodecamp\.rocks/.test(
      getUserInput('url')
    )
  );
};
```

Multiple players can connect to a server and play.

```js

```

Each player has an avatar.

```js

```

Each player is represented by an object created by the `Player` class in `Player.mjs`.

```js

```

At a minimum, each player object should contain a unique `id`, a `score`, and `x` and `y` coordinates representing the player's current position.

```js

```

The game has at least one type of collectible item. Complete the `Collectible` class in `Collectible.mjs` to implement this.

```js

```

At a minimum, each collectible item object created by the `Collectible` class should contain a unique `id`, a `value`, and `x` and `y` coordinates representing the item's current position.

```js

```

Players can use the WASD and/or arrow keys to move their avatar. Complete the `movePlayer` method in `Player.mjs` to implement this.

```js

```

The `movePlayer` method should accept two arguments: a string of "up", "down", "left", or "right", and a number for the amount of pixels the player's position should change. `movePlayer` should adjust the `x` and `y` coordinates of the player object it's called from.

```js

```

The player's score should be used to calculate their rank among the other players. Complete the `calculateRank` method in the `Player` class to implement this.

```js

```

The `calculateRank` method should accept an array of objects representing all connected players and return the string `Rank: currentRanking/totalPlayers`. For example, in a game with two players, if Player A has a score of 3 and Player B has a score of 5, `calculateRank` for Player A should return `Rank: 2/2`.

```js

```

Players can collide with a collectible item. Complete the `collision` method in `Player.mjs` to implement this.

```js

```

The `collision` method should accept a collectible item's object as an argument. If the player's avatar intersects with the item, the `collision` method should return `true`.

```js

```

All players are kept in sync.

```js

```

Players can disconnect from the game at any time.

```js

```

Prevent the client from trying to guess / sniff the MIME type.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info');
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['x-content-type-options'], 'nosniff');
};
```

Prevent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info');
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['x-xss-protection'], '1; mode=block');
};
```

Nothing from the website is cached in the client.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info');
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['surrogate-control'], 'no-store');
  assert.equal(
    parsed.headers['cache-control'],
    'no-store, no-cache, must-revalidate, proxy-revalidate'
  );
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['pragma'], 'no-cache');
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['expires'], '0');
};
```

The headers say that the site is powered by "PHP 7.4.3" even though it isn't (as a security measure).

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info');
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['x-powered-by'], 'PHP 7.4.3');
};
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions,
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project.
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

feat: add instructions to import in replit (#48374)
Closes https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/48274

curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-projects/secure-real-time-multiplayer-game.md, after:

---
id: 5e601c775ac9d0ecd8b94aff
title: Secure Real Time Multiplayer Game
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 462375
dashedName: secure-real-time-multiplayer-game
---

# --description--

Develop a 2D real time multiplayer game using the HTML Canvas API and Socket.io that is functionally similar to this: <a href="https://secure-real-time-multiplayer-game.freecodecamp.rocks/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://secure-real-time-multiplayer-game.freecodecamp.rocks/</a>. Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

-   Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-secure-real-time-multiplayer-game/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete your project locally.
-   Use <a href="https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-secure-real-time-multiplayer-game" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">our Replit starter project</a> to complete your project.
-   Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

If you use Replit, follow these steps to set up the project:

-   Start by importing the project on Replit. 
-   Next, you will see a `.replit` window. 
-   Select `Use run command` and click the `Done` button. 

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your project's source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --instructions--

Create a secure multiplayer game in which each player can move their avatar, there is at least one collectible item, and the rank of the players is calculated based on their score.

For details consult the tests below.

Make sure that your game is secure! Include these security measures:

- The client should not be able to guess/sniff the MIME type
- Prevent XSS attacks
- Do not cache anything from the website in the client
- The headers say that the site is powered by `PHP 7.4.3`

**Note**: `helmet@^3.21.3` is needed for the user stories. This means you will need to use the previous version of Helmet's docs, for information on how to achieve the user stories.

# --hints--

You can provide your own project, not the example URL.

```js
(getUserInput) => {
  assert(
    !/.*\/secure-real-time-multiplayer-game\.freecodecamp\.rocks/.test(
      getUserInput('url')
    )
  );
};
```

Multiple players can connect to a server and play.

```js

```

Each player has an avatar.

```js

```

Each player is represented by an object created by the `Player` class in `Player.mjs`.

```js

```

At a minimum, each player object should contain a unique `id`, a `score`, and `x` and `y` coordinates representing the player's current position.

```js

```

The game has at least one type of collectible item. Complete the `Collectible` class in `Collectible.mjs` to implement this.

```js

```

At a minimum, each collectible item object created by the `Collectible` class should contain a unique `id`, a `value`, and `x` and `y` coordinates representing the item's current position.

```js

```

Players can use the WASD and/or arrow keys to move their avatar. Complete the `movePlayer` method in `Player.mjs` to implement this.

```js

```

The `movePlayer` method should accept two arguments: a string of "up", "down", "left", or "right", and a number for the amount of pixels the player's position should change. `movePlayer` should adjust the `x` and `y` coordinates of the player object it's called from.

```js

```

The player's score should be used to calculate their rank among the other players. Complete the `calculateRank` method in the `Player` class to implement this.

```js

```

The `calculateRank` method should accept an array of objects representing all connected players and return the string `Rank: currentRanking/totalPlayers`. For example, in a game with two players, if Player A has a score of 3 and Player B has a score of 5, `calculateRank` for Player A should return `Rank: 2/2`.

```js

```

Players can collide with a collectible item. Complete the `collision` method in `Player.mjs` to implement this.

```js

```

The `collision` method should accept a collectible item's object as an argument. If the player's avatar intersects with the item, the `collision` method should return `true`.

```js

```

All players are kept in sync.

```js

```

Players can disconnect from the game at any time.

```js

```

Prevent the client from trying to guess / sniff the MIME type.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info');
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['x-content-type-options'], 'nosniff');
};
```

Prevent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info');
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['x-xss-protection'], '1; mode=block');
};
```

Nothing from the website is cached in the client.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info');
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['surrogate-control'], 'no-store');
  assert.equal(
    parsed.headers['cache-control'],
    'no-store, no-cache, must-revalidate, proxy-revalidate'
  );
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['pragma'], 'no-cache');
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['expires'], '0');
};
```

The headers say that the site is powered by "PHP 7.4.3" even though it isn't (as a security measure).

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info');
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.equal(parsed.headers['x-powered-by'], 'PHP 7.4.3');
};
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions,
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project.
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
