curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-projects/stock-price-checker.md, before:

---
id: 587d824a367417b2b2512c44
title: Stock Price Checker
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 301572
dashedName: stock-price-checker
---

# --description--

Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <https://stock-price-checker.freecodecamp.rocks/>.

Since all reliable stock price APIs require an API key, we've built a workaround. Use <https://stock-price-checker-proxy.freecodecamp.rocks/> to get up-to-date stock price information without needing to sign up for your own key.

Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

-   Clone [this GitHub repo](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-stockchecker/) and complete your project locally.
-   Use [our Replit starter project](https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-stockchecker) to complete your project.
-   Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your projects source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --instructions--

1.  SET `NODE_ENV` to `test` without quotes and set `DB` to your MongoDB connection string
2.  Complete the project in `routes/api.js` or by creating a handler/controller
3.  You will add any security features to `server.js`
4.  You will create all of the functional tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`

Write the following tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`:

-   Viewing one stock: GET request to `/api/stock-prices/`
-   Viewing one stock and liking it: GET request to `/api/stock-prices/`
-   Viewing the same stock and liking it again: GET request to `/api/stock-prices/`
-   Viewing two stocks: GET request to `/api/stock-prices/`
-   Viewing two stocks and liking them: GET request to `/api/stock-prices/`

# --hints--

You can provide your own project, not the example URL.

```js
(getUserInput) => {
  assert(
    !/.*\/stock-price-checker\.freecodecamp\.rocks/.test(getUserInput('url'))
  );
};
```

You should set the content security policies to only allow loading of scripts and CSS from your server.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info');
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.isTrue(
    parsed.headers['content-security-policy'].includes("script-src 'self'")
  );
  assert.isTrue(
    parsed.headers['content-security-policy'].includes("style-src 'self'")
  );
};
```

You can send a `GET` request to `/api/stock-prices`, passing a NASDAQ stock symbol to a `stock` query parameter. The returned object will contain a property named `stockData`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(
    getUserInput('url') + '/api/stock-prices?stock=GOOG'
  );
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.property(parsed, 'stockData');
};
```

The `stockData` property includes the `stock` symbol as a string, the `price` as a number, and `likes` as a number.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(
    getUserInput('url') + '/api/stock-prices?stock=GOOG'
  );
  const parsed = await data.json();
  const ticker = parsed.stockData;
  assert.typeOf(ticker.price, 'number');
  assert.typeOf(ticker.likes, 'number');
  assert.typeOf(ticker.stock, 'string');
};
```

You can also pass along a `like` field as `true` (boolean) to have your like added to the stock(s). Only 1 like per IP should be accepted.

```js

```

If you pass along 2 stocks, the returned value will be an array with information about both stocks. Instead of `likes`, it will display `rel_likes` (the difference between the likes on both stocks) for both `stockData` objects.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(
    getUserInput('url') + '/api/stock-prices?stock=GOOG&stock=MSFT'
  );
  const parsed = await data.json();
  const ticker = parsed.stockData;
  assert.typeOf(ticker, 'array');
  assert.property(ticker[0], 'rel_likes');
  assert.property(ticker[1], 'rel_likes');
};
```

All 5 functional tests are complete and passing.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const tests = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests');
  const parsed = await tests.json();
  assert.isTrue(parsed.length >= 5);
  parsed.forEach((test) => {
    assert.equal(test.state, 'passed');
  });
};
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): Add Privacy Consideration note (#43779)
* Add Privacy Consideration note to Stock Price Checker challenge

* remove link to external GDPR site

* Improve wording

* Update curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-projects/stock-price-checker.md

Co-authored-by: Sem Bauke <46919888+Sembauke@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: Sem Bauke <46919888+Sembauke@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/09-information-security/information-security-projects/stock-price-checker.md, after:

---
id: 587d824a367417b2b2512c44
title: Stock Price Checker
challengeType: 4
forumTopicId: 301572
dashedName: stock-price-checker
---

# --description--

Build a full stack JavaScript app that is functionally similar to this: <https://stock-price-checker.freecodecamp.rocks/>.

Since all reliable stock price APIs require an API key, we've built a workaround. Use <https://stock-price-checker-proxy.freecodecamp.rocks/> to get up-to-date stock price information without needing to sign up for your own key.

Working on this project will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

-   Clone [this GitHub repo](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-stockchecker/) and complete your project locally.
-   Use [our Replit starter project](https://replit.com/github/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-project-stockchecker) to complete your project.
-   Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

When you are done, make sure a working demo of your project is hosted somewhere public. Then submit the URL to it in the `Solution Link` field. Optionally, also submit a link to your projects source code in the `GitHub Link` field.

# --instructions--

1.  SET `NODE_ENV` to `test` without quotes and set `DB` to your MongoDB connection string
2.  Complete the project in `routes/api.js` or by creating a handler/controller
3.  You will add any security features to `server.js`
4.  You will create all of the functional tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`

**Note** Privacy Considerations: Due to the requirement that only 1 like per IP should be accepted, you will have to save IP addresses. It is important to remain compliant with data privacy laws such as the General Data Protection Regulation. One option is to get permission to save the user's data, but it is much simpler to anonymize it. For this challenge, remember to anonymize IP addresses before saving them to the database. If you need ideas on how to do this, you may choose to hash the data, truncate it, or set part of the IP address to 0.

Write the following tests in `tests/2_functional-tests.js`:

-   Viewing one stock: GET request to `/api/stock-prices/`
-   Viewing one stock and liking it: GET request to `/api/stock-prices/`
-   Viewing the same stock and liking it again: GET request to `/api/stock-prices/`
-   Viewing two stocks: GET request to `/api/stock-prices/`
-   Viewing two stocks and liking them: GET request to `/api/stock-prices/`

# --hints--

You can provide your own project, not the example URL.

```js
(getUserInput) => {
  assert(
    !/.*\/stock-price-checker\.freecodecamp\.rocks/.test(getUserInput('url'))
  );
};
```

You should set the content security policies to only allow loading of scripts and CSS from your server.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/app-info');
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.isTrue(
    parsed.headers['content-security-policy'].includes("script-src 'self'")
  );
  assert.isTrue(
    parsed.headers['content-security-policy'].includes("style-src 'self'")
  );
};
```

You can send a `GET` request to `/api/stock-prices`, passing a NASDAQ stock symbol to a `stock` query parameter. The returned object will contain a property named `stockData`.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(
    getUserInput('url') + '/api/stock-prices?stock=GOOG'
  );
  const parsed = await data.json();
  assert.property(parsed, 'stockData');
};
```

The `stockData` property includes the `stock` symbol as a string, the `price` as a number, and `likes` as a number.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(
    getUserInput('url') + '/api/stock-prices?stock=GOOG'
  );
  const parsed = await data.json();
  const ticker = parsed.stockData;
  assert.typeOf(ticker.price, 'number');
  assert.typeOf(ticker.likes, 'number');
  assert.typeOf(ticker.stock, 'string');
};
```

You can also pass along a `like` field as `true` (boolean) to have your like added to the stock(s). Only 1 like per IP should be accepted.

```js

```

If you pass along 2 stocks, the returned value will be an array with information about both stocks. Instead of `likes`, it will display `rel_likes` (the difference between the likes on both stocks) for both `stockData` objects.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const data = await fetch(
    getUserInput('url') + '/api/stock-prices?stock=GOOG&stock=MSFT'
  );
  const parsed = await data.json();
  const ticker = parsed.stockData;
  assert.typeOf(ticker, 'array');
  assert.property(ticker[0], 'rel_likes');
  assert.property(ticker[1], 'rel_likes');
};
```

All 5 functional tests are complete and passing.

```js
async (getUserInput) => {
  const tests = await fetch(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/get-tests');
  const parsed = await tests.json();
  assert.isTrue(parsed.length >= 5);
  parsed.forEach((test) => {
    assert.equal(test.state, 'passed');
  });
};
```

# --solutions--

```js
/**
  Backend challenges don't need solutions, 
  because they would need to be tested against a full working project. 
  Please check our contributing guidelines to learn more.
*/
```
