curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-the-css-box-model-by-building-a-rothko-painting/60a3e3396c7b40068ad6996a.md, before:

---
id: 60a3e3396c7b40068ad6996a
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

By now, you should be familiar with the basic elements an HTML page should have.

Set up your code with a `DOCTYPE` declaration, an `html` element, a `head` element, and a `body` element.

# --hints--

Your code should have a `<!DOCTYPE html>` declaration.

```js
assert(code.match(/<!DOCTYPE html>/i));
```

Your code should have an `html` element.

```js
assert(document.querySelectorAll('html').length === 1);
```

Your code should have a `head` element within the `html` element.

```js
assert(document.querySelectorAll('head').length === 1);
```

Your code should have a `body` element within the `html` element.

```js
assert(document.querySelectorAll('body').length === 1);
```

Your `head` element should come before your `body` element.

```js
assert(document.querySelector('body').previousElementSibling.tagName === 'HEAD');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
--fcc-editable-region--

--fcc-editable-region--

```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): add missing instructions for lang attribute (#47226)
* fix(curriculum): add missing instructions for lang attribute

* fix(curriculum): add missing test for lang attribute

* fix(curriculum): make instructions a little vague

curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-the-css-box-model-by-building-a-rothko-painting/60a3e3396c7b40068ad6996a.md, after:

---
id: 60a3e3396c7b40068ad6996a
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

By now, you should be familiar with the basic elements an HTML page should have.

Set up your code with a `DOCTYPE` declaration, an `html` element with the language set to English, a `head` element, and a `body` element.

# --hints--

Your code should have a `<!DOCTYPE html>` declaration.

```js
assert(code.match(/<!DOCTYPE html>/i));
```

You should have an opening `<html>` tag with a `lang` attribute of `en`.

```js
assert(code.match(/<html\s+lang\s*=\s*('|")en\1\s*>/gi));
```

Your code should have a `head` element within the `html` element.

```js
assert(document.querySelectorAll('head').length === 1);
```

Your code should have a `body` element within the `html` element.

```js
assert(document.querySelectorAll('body').length === 1);
```

Your `head` element should come before your `body` element.

```js
assert(document.querySelector('body').previousElementSibling.tagName === 'HEAD');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
--fcc-editable-region--

--fcc-editable-region--

```
