curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/assignment-with-a-returned-value.md, before:

---
id: 56533eb9ac21ba0edf2244c3
title: Assignment with a Returned Value
challengeType: 1
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/c/ce2pEtB'
forumTopicId: 16658
dashedName: assignment-with-a-returned-value
---

# --description--

If you'll recall from our discussion about <a href="/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/storing-values-with-the-assignment-operator" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Storing Values with the Assignment Operator</a>, everything to the right of the equal sign is resolved before the value is assigned. This means we can take the return value of a function and assign it to a variable.

Assume we have pre-defined a function `sum` which adds two numbers together, then:

```js
ourSum = sum(5, 12);
```

will call the `sum` function, which returns a value of `17` and assigns it to the `ourSum` variable.

# --instructions--

Call the `processArg` function with an argument of `7` and assign its return value to the variable `processed`.

# --hints--

`processed` should have a value of `2`

```js
assert(processed === 2);
```

You should assign `processArg` to `processed`

```js
assert(/processed\s*=\s*processArg\(\s*7\s*\)/.test(code));
```

# --seed--

## --after-user-code--

```js
(function(){return "processed = " + processed})();
```

## --seed-contents--

```js
// Setup
let processed = 0;

function processArg(num) {
  return (num + 3) / 5;
}

// Only change code below this line

```

# --solutions--

```js
var processed = 0;

function processArg(num) {
  return (num + 3) / 5;
}

processed = processArg(7);
```

Commit message:

fix(curriculum): remove grammatical mistakes (#49426)
fixes #49408

fixes the grammar of sentence 'will call the sum function, ....'. so it is clear who is doing the calling.

curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/assignment-with-a-returned-value.md, after:

---
id: 56533eb9ac21ba0edf2244c3
title: Assignment with a Returned Value
challengeType: 1
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/c/ce2pEtB'
forumTopicId: 16658
dashedName: assignment-with-a-returned-value
---

# --description--

If you'll recall from our discussion about <a href="/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/storing-values-with-the-assignment-operator" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Storing Values with the Assignment Operator</a>, everything to the right of the equal sign is resolved before the value is assigned. This means we can take the return value of a function and assign it to a variable.

Assume we have defined a function `sum` which adds two numbers together.

```js
ourSum = sum(5, 12);
```

Calling the `sum` function with the arguments of `5` and `12` produces a return value of `17`. This return value is assigned to the `ourSum` variable.

# --instructions--

Call the `processArg` function with an argument of `7` and assign its return value to the variable `processed`.

# --hints--

`processed` should have a value of `2`

```js
assert(processed === 2);
```

You should assign `processArg` to `processed`

```js
assert(/processed\s*=\s*processArg\(\s*7\s*\)/.test(code));
```

# --seed--

## --after-user-code--

```js
(function(){return "processed = " + processed})();
```

## --seed-contents--

```js
// Setup
let processed = 0;

function processArg(num) {
  return (num + 3) / 5;
}

// Only change code below this line

```

# --solutions--

```js
var processed = 0;

function processArg(num) {
  return (num + 3) / 5;
}

processed = processArg(7);
```
