curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/passing-values-to-functions-with-arguments.md, before:

---
id: 56533eb9ac21ba0edf2244bd
title: Passing Values to Functions with Arguments
challengeType: 1
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/c/cy8rahW'
forumTopicId: 18254
dashedName: passing-values-to-functions-with-arguments
---

# --description--

<dfn>Parameters</dfn> are variables that act as placeholders for the values that are to be input to a function when it is called. When a function is defined, it is typically defined along with one or more parameters. The actual values that are input (or <dfn>"passed"</dfn>) into a function when it is called are known as <dfn>arguments</dfn>.

Here is a function with two parameters, `param1` and `param2`:

```js
function testFun(param1, param2) {
  console.log(param1, param2);
}
```

Then we can call `testFun`: `testFun("Hello", "World");` We have passed two arguments, `"Hello"` and `"World"`. Inside the function, `param1` will equal "Hello" and `param2` will equal "World". Note that you could call `testFun` again with different arguments and the parameters would take on the value of the new arguments.

# --instructions--

<ol><li>Create a function called <code>functionWithArgs</code> that accepts two arguments and outputs their sum to the dev console.</li><li>Call the function with two numbers as arguments.</li></ol>

# --hints--

`functionWithArgs` should be a function.

```js
assert(typeof functionWithArgs === 'function');
```

`functionWithArgs(1,2)` should output `3`.

```js
if (typeof functionWithArgs === 'function') {
  capture();
  functionWithArgs(1, 2);
  uncapture();
}
assert(logOutput == 3);
```

`functionWithArgs(7,9)` should output `16`.

```js
if (typeof functionWithArgs === 'function') {
  capture();
  functionWithArgs(7, 9);
  uncapture();
}
assert(logOutput == 16);
```

You should call `functionWithArgs` with two numbers after you define it.

```js
assert(
  /functionWithArgs\([-+]?\d*\.?\d*,[-+]?\d*\.?\d*\)/.test(
    code.replace(/\s/g, '')
  )
);
```

# --seed--

## --before-user-code--

```js
var logOutput = "";
var originalConsole = console
function capture() {
    var nativeLog = console.log;
    console.log = function (message) {
        if(message) logOutput = JSON.stringify(message).trim();
        if(nativeLog.apply) {
          nativeLog.apply(originalConsole, arguments);
        } else {
          var nativeMsg = Array.prototype.slice.apply(arguments).join(' ');
          nativeLog(nativeMsg);
        }
    };
}

function uncapture() {
  console.log = originalConsole.log;
}

capture();
```

## --after-user-code--

```js
uncapture();

if (typeof functionWithArgs !== "function") { 
  (function() { return "functionWithArgs is not defined"; })();
} else {
  (function() { return logOutput || "console.log never called"; })();
}
```

## --seed-contents--

```js
```

# --solutions--

```js
function functionWithArgs(a, b) {
  console.log(a + b);
}
functionWithArgs(10, 5);
```

Commit message:

fix(learn): Improve the clarity on a challenge sentence (#41154)
* Improve the clarity on a challenge sentence

* add string type and remove double quotes

Co-authored-by: Randell Dawson <5313213+RandellDawson@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: Randell Dawson <5313213+RandellDawson@users.noreply.github.com>

curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/passing-values-to-functions-with-arguments.md, after:

---
id: 56533eb9ac21ba0edf2244bd
title: Passing Values to Functions with Arguments
challengeType: 1
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/c/cy8rahW'
forumTopicId: 18254
dashedName: passing-values-to-functions-with-arguments
---

# --description--

<dfn>Parameters</dfn> are variables that act as placeholders for the values that are to be input to a function when it is called. When a function is defined, it is typically defined along with one or more parameters. The actual values that are input (or <dfn>"passed"</dfn>) into a function when it is called are known as <dfn>arguments</dfn>.

Here is a function with two parameters, `param1` and `param2`:

```js
function testFun(param1, param2) {
  console.log(param1, param2);
}
```

Then we can call `testFun` like this: `testFun("Hello", "World");`. We have passed two string arguments, `Hello` and `World`. Inside the function, `param1` will equal the string `Hello` and `param2` will equal the string `World`. Note that you could call `testFun` again with different arguments and the parameters would take on the value of the new arguments.

# --instructions--

<ol><li>Create a function called <code>functionWithArgs</code> that accepts two arguments and outputs their sum to the dev console.</li><li>Call the function with two numbers as arguments.</li></ol>

# --hints--

`functionWithArgs` should be a function.

```js
assert(typeof functionWithArgs === 'function');
```

`functionWithArgs(1,2)` should output `3`.

```js
if (typeof functionWithArgs === 'function') {
  capture();
  functionWithArgs(1, 2);
  uncapture();
}
assert(logOutput == 3);
```

`functionWithArgs(7,9)` should output `16`.

```js
if (typeof functionWithArgs === 'function') {
  capture();
  functionWithArgs(7, 9);
  uncapture();
}
assert(logOutput == 16);
```

You should call `functionWithArgs` with two numbers after you define it.

```js
assert(
  /functionWithArgs\([-+]?\d*\.?\d*,[-+]?\d*\.?\d*\)/.test(
    code.replace(/\s/g, '')
  )
);
```

# --seed--

## --before-user-code--

```js
var logOutput = "";
var originalConsole = console
function capture() {
    var nativeLog = console.log;
    console.log = function (message) {
        if(message) logOutput = JSON.stringify(message).trim();
        if(nativeLog.apply) {
          nativeLog.apply(originalConsole, arguments);
        } else {
          var nativeMsg = Array.prototype.slice.apply(arguments).join(' ');
          nativeLog(nativeMsg);
        }
    };
}

function uncapture() {
  console.log = originalConsole.log;
}

capture();
```

## --after-user-code--

```js
uncapture();

if (typeof functionWithArgs !== "function") { 
  (function() { return "functionWithArgs is not defined"; })();
} else {
  (function() { return logOutput || "console.log never called"; })();
}
```

## --seed-contents--

```js
```

# --solutions--

```js
function functionWithArgs(a, b) {
  console.log(a + b);
}
functionWithArgs(10, 5);
```
